obo:CHEBI_50410
  A indicateurs colores
  A indicateur colore
  A indicador de color
  A colour indicator
obo:CHEBI_50407
  A indicateur acide-base
  A Saeure-Base-Indikator
  A Saeure-Base-Indikatoren
  A acid-base indicator
  A indicador acido-base
obo:CHEBI_50411
  A one-colour indicator
  A indicateur monocolore
  A indicador monocromico
  A indicador monocolor
obo:CHEBI_50412
  A two-colour indicator
  A indicateur bicolore
  A indicador bicolor
obo:CHEBI_75050
  A chromogens
  A chromogenic compounds
  A chromogen
  A chromogenic compound
obo:CHEBI_35211
  A radioactive label
obo:CHEBI_35210
  A spin label
obo:CHEBI_22153
  A miticide
  A acaricides
  A Akarizide
  A Akarizid
  A acaricide
obo:CHEBI_39215
  A antibiotic pesticides
  A antibiotic pesticide
obo:CHEBI_22583
  A antifeedants
  A antifeedant
obo:CHEBI_51076
  A Marine pesticide
  A Antifouling agent
  A Antifoulant
  A antifouling biocide
obo:CHEBI_33289
  A avicides
  A avicide
obo:CHEBI_23092
  A chemosterilants
  A chemosterilant
obo:CHEBI_39276
  A fumigants
  A fumigant pesticide
  A fumigant
obo:CHEBI_24127
  A fungicides
  A fungicide
obo:CHEBI_24527
  A Unkrautbekaempfungsmittel
  A herbicides
  A Wildkrautbekaempfungsmittel
  A Unkrautvertilgungsmittel
  A Herbizid
  A herbicide
obo:CHEBI_24852
  A insecticides
  A insecticide
obo:CHEBI_33904
  A molluscicides
  A molluscicide
obo:CHEBI_25491
  A nematocide
  A nematicides
  A nematicide
obo:CHEBI_25943
  A pesticide synergists
  A pesticide synergist
obo:CHEBI_136643
  A propesticides
  A pro-pesticides
  A pro-pesticide
  A propesticide
obo:CHEBI_33288
  A rodenticides
  A rodenticide
obo:CHEBI_39216
  A antibiotic acaricides
  A antibiotic acaricide
obo:CHEBI_39412
  A bridged diphenyl acaricides
  A bridged diphenyl acaricide
obo:CHEBI_39259
  A pyrethroid ester acaricides
  A pyrethroid ester acaricide
obo:CHEBI_39369
  A pyrethroid ether acaricides
  A pyrethroid ether acaricide
obo:CHEBI_73333
  A scabicides
  A scabicide
obo:CHEBI_39301
  A sulfite ester acaricides
  A sulfite ester acaricide
obo:CHEBI_39318
  A tetrazine acaricides
  A tetrazine acaricide
obo:CHEBI_86328
  A antifungal agrichemical
  A antifungal agrochemical
  A anti-fungal agrochemical
  A anti-fungal agrichemical
  A agrichemical fungicides
  A antifungal agrochemicals
  A agrochemical fungicides
  A agrichemical fungicide
  A agrochemical fungicide
  A antifungal agrichemicals
  A anti-fungal agrochemicals
  A anti-fungal agrichemicals
obo:CHEBI_136645
  A profungicides
  A pro-fungicides
  A pro-fungicide
  A profungicide
obo:CHEBI_23582
  A defoliants
  A Entlaubungsmittel
  A Defoliationsmittel
  A defoliant
obo:CHEBI_26087
  A photosynthetic electron transport chain inhibitors
  A photosynthetic electron-transport chain inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_23529
  A cytochrome b6f inhibitor
  A cytochrome b6f complex inhibitors
  A cytochrome-b6f complex inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_26088
  A photosystem I inhibitors
  A PSI inhibitor
  A photosystem-I inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_26089
  A photosystem II inhibitors
  A PSII inhibitor
  A photosystem-II inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_39208
  A antibiotic insecticides
  A antibiotic insecticide
obo:CHEBI_38461
  A carbamate insecticides
  A carbamate insecticide
obo:CHEBI_39415
  A dinitrophenol insecticides
  A dinitrophenol insecticide
obo:CHEBI_39277
  A fumigant insecticides
  A fumigant insecticide
obo:CHEBI_24851
  A insect growth regulators
  A insect growth regulator
obo:CHEBI_71692
  A insect repellents
  A insect repellent
obo:CHEBI_67105
  A insect sterilants
  A insect chemosterilants
  A insect chemosterilant
  A insect sterilant
obo:CHEBI_38706
  A pediculicides
  A pediculicide
obo:CHEBI_22917
  A phytogenic insecticides
  A botanical insecticides
  A botanical insecticide
  A phytogenic insecticide
obo:CHEBI_38060
  A triazine insecticides
  A triazine insecticide
obo:CHEBI_23100
  A chitin synthesis inhibitors
  A chitin synthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38456
  A ecdysone mimetic
  A ecdysone agonists
  A ecdysone agonist
obo:CHEBI_23891
  A ecdysone antagonists
obo:CHEBI_24941
  A juvenile hormone antagonists
obo:CHEBI_24942
  A juvenile hormone mimics
  A juvenile hormone mimic
obo:CHEBI_39378
  A homopteran inhibitor of chitin biosynthesis
obo:CHEBI_39379
  A lepidopteran inhibitor of chitin biosynthesis
obo:CHEBI_26220
  A 7-alkoxy-2,2-dimethylchromenes
  A precocenes
obo:CHEBI_39217
  A antibiotic nematicides
  A antibiotic nematicide
obo:CHEBI_136647
  A proacaricides
  A pro-acaricides
  A pro-acaricide
  A proacaricide
obo:CHEBI_136646
  A proherbicides
  A pro-herbicides
  A pro-herbicide
  A proherbicide
obo:CHEBI_136644
  A proinsecticides
  A pro-insecticides
  A pro-insecticide
  A proinsecticide
obo:CHEBI_60809
  A adjuvants
  A adjuvant
obo:CHEBI_38849
  A oxygen carrier
  A blood substitutes
  A artificial blood
  A blood substitute
obo:CHEBI_33295
  A diagnostic aid
  A diagnostic agent
obo:CHEBI_23888
  A medicine
  A drugs
  A drug
obo:CHEBI_35232
  A radiopharmaceuticals
  A radiopharmaceutical
obo:CHEBI_60807
  A anaesthestic adjuvants
  A anaesthestic adjuvant
  A anaesthesia adjuvants
  A anaesthesia adjuvant
obo:CHEBI_37334
  A diagnostic imaging agent
obo:CHEBI_37335
  A magnetic resonance imaging contrast agent
  A MRI contrast agent
obo:CHEBI_37336
  A radioactive imaging agent
obo:CHEBI_37338
  A radioopaque medium
  A radioopaque media
  A radiopaque medium
  A contrast media
  A radiopaque media
  A radiocontrast agent
  A radiocontrast agents
obo:CHEBI_37337
  A ultrasound contrast agent
obo:CHEBI_38867
  A anesthetic agent
  A anaesthetic
  A Anaesthetikum
  A anesthetics
  A anaesthetics
  A anesthetic drug
  A Anaesthetika
obo:CHEBI_48422
  A anti-angiogenic agent
  A angiostatic agents
  A angiogenesis antagonist
  A angiogenesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50926
  A angiogenesis modulating agent
obo:CHEBI_65265
  A antacids
  A antacid
obo:CHEBI_50857
  A anti-allergic drugs
  A anti-allergic drug
  A anti-allergic agents
  A anti-allergic agent
obo:CHEBI_49167
  A anti-asthmatic drugs
  A anti-asthmatic agents
  A anti-asthmatic agent
  A anti-asthmatic drug
obo:CHEBI_50751
  A anti-estrogenic drug
  A anti-oestrogenic drug
  A anti-estrogenic agent
  A antioestrogenic agent
  A antioestrogen
  A anti-oestrogenic agent
  A anti-oestrogen
  A antioestrogenic drug
  A antiestrogenic drug
  A antiestrogen
  A anti-estrogen
  A antiestrogenic agent
obo:CHEBI_35472
  A antiinflammatory agent
  A anti-inflammatory drugs
  A antiinflammatory drug
  A anti-inflammatory drug
  A antiinflammatory drugs
obo:CHEBI_49201
  A anti-ulcer drugs
  A anti-ulcer agents
  A anti-ulcer agent
  A anti-ulcer drug
obo:CHEBI_66956
  A antidyskinesia agents
  A antidyskinesia drugs
  A antidyskinetic agents
  A antidyskinesia drug
  A antidyskinetic drug
  A antidyskinesia agent
  A antidyskinetic agent
  A antidyskinetic drugs
obo:CHEBI_50919
  A antiemetics
  A antiemetico
  A anti-emetics
  A anti-emetic
  A antiemetic
obo:CHEBI_59844
  A antihyperplastic
  A antihyperplasia drugs
  A antihypergenesis drugs
  A antihypergenesis drug
  A antihyperplasia drug
obo:CHEBI_35441
  A antiinfective drug
  A antiinfective agents
  A anti-infective drugs
  A anti-infective agents
  A antiinfective agent
obo:CHEBI_35679
  A antihyperlipidemics
  A antihyperlipidemic drug
  A antilipemic drug
  A antihyperlipidemic drugs
  A antihyperlipemic
  A antihyperlipemics
  A hypolipidemic agent
  A antilipemic
  A antihyperlipidemic
  A antilipemics
  A antihyperlipidemic agent
  A antilipemic drugs
  A hypolipidemic agents
  A antihyperlipidemic agents
obo:CHEBI_35610
  A anticancer agent
  A antineoplastic agent
  A antineoplastic
  A antineoplastic agents
  A cytostatic
  A anticancer agents
obo:CHEBI_35493
  A anti-pyretic
  A antipyretic
obo:CHEBI_35842
  A antirheumatic drugs
  A antirheumatic agent
  A anti-rheumatic drugs
  A antirheumatic drug
obo:CHEBI_51177
  A cough suppressants
  A cough suppressant
  A anti-tussive
  A antitussive
obo:CHEBI_50780
  A appetite regulators
  A appetite regulator
obo:CHEBI_74783
  A astringents
  A adstringents
  A adstringent
  A astringent
obo:CHEBI_61026
  A bile therapy drugs
  A bile therapy agents
  A bile therapy agent
  A bile therapy drug
obo:CHEBI_50646
  A bone density conservation drugs
  A bone density conservation agent
  A anti-osteoporotics
  A anti-osteoporosis agent
  A anti-osteoporotic
  A anti-osteopenia agent
  A anti-osteoporosis drugs
  A bone density conservation drug
  A anti-osteoporotic drugs
  A anti-osteoporotic drug
  A antiosteoporotics
  A anti-osteopenia drugs
  A anti-osteoporosis agents
  A anti-osteopenia drug
  A anti-osteoporotic agent
  A bone density conservation agents
  A anti-osteoporotic agents
  A antiosteoporotic
  A anti-osteopenia agents
  A anti-osteoporosis drug
obo:CHEBI_50141
  A bronchoconstrictor drug
  A bronchoconstrictor agents
  A bronchoconstrictor agent
obo:CHEBI_35523
  A broncholytic agent
  A bronchodilator agents
  A bronchodilator
  A bronchodilator agent
obo:CHEBI_48525
  A calcimimetics
  A calcimimetic
obo:CHEBI_35554
  A cardiovascular drugs
  A cardiovascular agent
  A cardiovascular drug
obo:CHEBI_35470
  A central nervous system agents
  A CNS drugs
  A CNS agent
  A central nervous system drug
obo:CHEBI_59864
  A depigmentors
  A depigmentation agents
  A depigmentation agent
  A depigmentor
  A depigmentation drug
  A depigmentation drugs
obo:CHEBI_50177
  A dermatological agent
  A dermatologic drugs
  A dermatologic agent
  A dermatologic drug
obo:CHEBI_35498
  A diuretics
  A diuretic
obo:CHEBI_50739
  A estrogen receptor modulator
obo:CHEBI_77035
  A expectorants
  A expectorant
obo:CHEBI_48676
  A fibrin modulating drugs
  A fibrin modulating agents
  A fibrin modulating agent
  A fibrin modulating drug
obo:CHEBI_55324
  A gastrointestinal drugs
  A gastrointestinal agents
  A gastrointestinal agent
  A gastrointestinal drug
obo:CHEBI_50248
  A hematologic agents
  A hematologic agent
obo:CHEBI_76916
  A hyperglycemic agents
  A diabetes inducer
  A hyperglycemic agent
obo:CHEBI_35526
  A antihyperglycemic
  A hypoglycemic agent
  A hypoglycemic drugs
  A antihyperglycemic agent
  A hypoglycemic agents
  A antihyperglycemics
  A antihyperglycemic agents
  A antihyperglycemic drugs
  A antihyperglycemic drug
  A hypoglycemic drug
  A antidiabetic
obo:CHEBI_50846
  A Immune factor
  A immunomodulators
  A Immunologic factor
  A Immunological factor
  A Biomodulator
  A immunomodulator
obo:CHEBI_36710
  A interferon inducers
  A interferon inducer
obo:CHEBI_50503
  A aperient
  A laxative
  A aperients
  A purgatives
  A laxante
  A laxatives
  A purgative
obo:CHEBI_77034
  A mucolytics
  A mucolytic
obo:CHEBI_50513
  A mydriatics
  A mydriatic agent
obo:CHEBI_77715
  A nasal decongestants
  A decongestants
  A decongestant
  A nasal decongestant
obo:CHEBI_51372
  A neuromuscular agent
obo:CHEBI_35942
  A neurotransmitter agents
  A neurotransmitter agent
obo:CHEBI_66980
  A intelligence enhancers
  A neuro enhancer
  A nootropic drug
  A neuro enhancers
  A nootropic agent
  A nootropic drugs
  A smart drug
  A memory enhancer
  A memory enhancers
  A nootropic
  A cognitive enhancer
  A cognitive enhancers
  A nootropics
  A intelligence enhancer
  A nootropic agents
  A smart drugs
obo:CHEBI_50733
  A Nutritional supplement
  A Food Supplementation
  A Dietary Supplement
  A nutraceutical
obo:CHEBI_66981
  A ophthalmology drugs
  A ophthalmology agents
  A ophthalmology agent
  A ophthalmological
  A ophthalmic agent
  A ophthalmic
  A ophthalmic agents
  A ophthalmology drug
  A ophthalmologicals
  A ophthalmics
obo:CHEBI_71031
  A orphan drugs
  A orphan drug
obo:CHEBI_36063
  A uterine stimulants
  A oxytocic drugs
  A oxytocic agents
  A oxytocic
obo:CHEBI_49110
  A peripheral nervous system drugs
  A peripheral nervous system agent
  A peripheral nervous system drug
obo:CHEBI_47868
  A photosensitising agent
  A photosensitizing agent
obo:CHEBI_52726
  A proteasome inhibitors
  A proteasome inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50267
  A chemoprotectant
  A chemoprotective agents
  A chemoprotectants
  A protective agents
  A chemoprotective agent
  A protective agent
obo:CHEBI_132992
  A radiosensitiser
  A radiosensitizing agent
  A radiosensitizing agents
  A radiosensitizers
  A radiosensitising agent
  A radiosensitising agents
  A radiosensitisers
  A radiosensitizer
obo:CHEBI_90710
  A receptor modulators
  A receptor modulator
obo:CHEBI_35846
  A renal agents
  A renal agent
obo:CHEBI_50689
  A reproductive control drugs
  A reproductive control agent
  A reproductive control drug
obo:CHEBI_73336
  A wound-healing agent
  A wound-healing drug
  A wound-healing agents
  A vulneraries
  A vulnerary
  A wound-healing drugs
obo:CHEBI_38869
  A general anaesthetic
  A Allgemeinanaesthetika
  A general anesthetics
  A Allgemeinanaesthetikum
  A general anaesthetics
obo:CHEBI_36333
  A local anesthetics
  A Lokalanaesthetikum
  A local anaesthetic
  A local anaesthetics
  A anesthesique local
obo:CHEBI_38870
  A anesthetic gases
  A inhalation anaesthetic
  A Inhalationsnarkotikum
  A Inhalationsnarkotika
  A Inhalationsanaesthetika
  A inhalation anesthetics
  A Inhalationsanaesthetikum
obo:CHEBI_38877
  A intravenous anesthetics
  A i.v.-Anaesthetikum
  A i.v.-Anaesthetika
  A intravenous anaesthetic
obo:CHEBI_48425
  A topical anesthetic
  A topical anaesthetics
  A topical anaesthetic
obo:CHEBI_50927
  A angiogenesis inducing agent
obo:CHEBI_72571
  A proangiogenic agents
  A proangiogenic agent
  A pro-angiogenic agents
  A pro-angiogenic agent
obo:CHEBI_35475
  A NSAID
  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug
  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent
  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs
  A NSAIDs
obo:CHEBI_48407
  A antiparkinson agent
  A antiparkinson drug
obo:CHEBI_35442
  A parasiticides
  A antiparasitics
  A antiparasitic drugs
  A antiparasitic agent
obo:CHEBI_48218
  A local antiinfective agents
  A antiseptic
  A local microbicides
  A antiseptic agent
  A antiseptic agents
  A topical microbicides
  A antiseptics
  A topical antiinfective agents
  A antiseptic drug
obo:CHEBI_36053
  A acaricide drugs
  A acaricide drug
obo:CHEBI_35443
  A antihelminth
  A anthelminthic
  A anthelmintic
  A antihelmintico
  A anthelminthics
  A anthelmintics
  A anthelminthic drug
obo:CHEBI_35820
  A antiprotozoal drugs
  A antiprotozoal agents
  A antiprotozoal agent
  A antiprotozoal drug
obo:CHEBI_38956
  A ectoparasiticides
  A ectoparasiticide
obo:CHEBI_35444
  A antinematodals
  A antinematodal drugs
  A antinematodal agent
  A antinematodal drug
obo:CHEBI_35684
  A antiplatyhelmintic drugs
  A antiplatyhelmintic agent
  A antiplatyhelmintic drug
obo:CHEBI_38941
  A schistosomicides
  A schistosomicide drugs
  A antischistosomal drug
  A antischistosoma
  A schistosomicide drug
obo:CHEBI_70868
  A antileishmanial drugs
  A antileishmanial drug
  A antileishmanial agents
  A antileishmanial agent
obo:CHEBI_64915
  A antiplasmodial agents
  A antiplasmodium drug
  A antiplasmodial drugs
  A antiplasmodial drug
  A antiplasmodium agent
  A antiplasmodium drugs
  A antiplasmodial agent
  A antiplasmodium agents
obo:CHEBI_50685
  A antitrichomonal agent
  A antitrichomonal drug
obo:CHEBI_35818
  A coccidiostats
  A anticoccidial agent
  A coccidiostat
obo:CHEBI_36335
  A antitrypanosomal agents
  A trypanocidal drugs
  A trypanocidal drug
  A antitrypanosomal drug
  A trypanocide
  A antitrypanosomal agent
  A antitrypanosomal drugs
  A trypanosomicidal agents
obo:CHEBI_38068
  A antimalarials
  A antimalarial
obo:CHEBI_35821
  A antihypercholesterolemic agents
  A cholesterol inhibitor
  A anticholesteremic agent
  A antihypercholesterolemic drugs
  A antihypercholesterolemic
  A antihypercholesterolemics
  A anticholesteremic drugs
  A antihypercholesterolemic agent
  A hypocholesteremic agent
  A anticholesteremic
  A anticholesteremic drug
  A antihypercholesterolemic drug
obo:CHEBI_35845
  A gout suppressants
  A gout suppressant
obo:CHEBI_50507
  A appetite depressant
obo:CHEBI_50779
  A orexigenic
  A appetite stimulant
  A appetite enhancing drug
  A appetite enhancer
obo:CHEBI_38070
  A antiarrhythmic agent
  A anti-arrhythmia drug
obo:CHEBI_50855
  A antiatherogenic agent
obo:CHEBI_35674
  A antihypertensive drugs
  A antihypertensive drug
  A antihypertensive agents
  A antihypertensive
  A antihypertensive agent
obo:CHEBI_137431
  A pressors
  A vasopressor agens
  A antihypotensive agent
  A pressor
  A antihypotensive agents
  A vasopressor agent
obo:CHEBI_38147
  A cardiotonic drugs
  A cardiotonic drug
obo:CHEBI_50514
  A vasoconstrictor agent
obo:CHEBI_35620
  A vasodilator agents
  A vasodilator
  A vasodilator agent
obo:CHEBI_138033
  A C1CN(CCN1CCCC2(OCCO2)C3=CC=CC=C3)C(C4=CC=CC=C4)C5=CC=CC=C5
  A 1-(Diphenylmethyl)-4-[3-(2-phenyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)propyl]piperazine
  A 0
  A InChI=1S/C29H34N2O2/c1-4-11-25(12-5-1)28(26-13-6-2-7-14-26)31-21-19-30(20-22-31)18-10-17-29(32-23-24-33-29)27-15-8-3-9-16-27/h1-9,11-16,28H,10,17-24H2
  A C29H34N2O2
  A 442.262
  A Dotarizine
  A 1-(Diphenylmethyl)-4-[3-(2-phenyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)propyl]piperazin
  A LRMJAFKKJLRDLE-UHFFFAOYSA-N
  A 442.594
obo:CHEBI_35488
  A central nervous system depressants
  A CNS depressants
  A central nervous system depressant
obo:CHEBI_35337
  A central nervous system stimulant
  A central stimulant
  A analeptic drug
  A analeptic
  A analeptics
  A CNS stimulant
  A analeptic agent
obo:CHEBI_35471
  A psychotropic drugs
  A psychopharmaceuticals
  A psychoactive drugs
  A psychoactive agent
  A psychotropic drug
obo:CHEBI_35623
  A anti-convulsant
  A Antikonvulsivum
  A Antiepileptika
  A anticonvulsants
  A anticonvulsant
  A anti-convulsive agents
  A Antiepileptikum
  A antiepileptiques
  A antiepileptics
  A Antikonvulsiva
  A antiepileptic
  A anti-convulsants
  A antiepileptique
  A anticonvulsive agents
  A anti-convulsive agent
  A anticonvulsive agent
obo:CHEBI_35717
  A sedatives and hypnotics
  A sedatives
  A sedative drug
  A hypnotics and sedatives
  A hypnotics
  A sedative
obo:CHEBI_35469
  A antidepressants
  A thymoleptic drugs
  A thymoanaleptics
  A thymoleptics
  A antidepressant drugs
  A antidepressant
obo:CHEBI_137736
  A panicogenics
  A panicogenic
  A anxiogenics
  A anxiogenic
obo:CHEBI_77567
  A wakefulness-promoting drug
  A vigilance-promoting agent
  A vigilance promoting drug
  A wake-promoting agents
  A wakefulness-promoting agent
  A vigilance promoting drugs
  A vigilance promoting agents
  A vigilance promoting agent
  A vigilance-promoting drug
  A wake-promoting drug
  A vigilance-promoting agents
  A wake-promoting drugs
  A eugeroics
  A wake-promoting agent
  A vigilance-promoting drugs
  A eugeroic
  A wakefulness-promoting drugs
  A wakefulness-promoting agents
obo:CHEBI_35499
  A hallucinogenic agents
  A psychedelics
  A hallucinogens
  A hallucinogen
  A psychedelic agents
  A hallucinogenic drugs
obo:CHEBI_35473
  A tranquillizing agents
  A tranquilizing drug
  A tranquilising drug
  A ataractics
  A tranquillising agent
  A tranquilizing drugs
obo:CHEBI_35477
  A antimanics
  A antimanic drugs
  A antimanic agent
  A antimanic drug
obo:CHEBI_35476
  A neuroleptics
  A neuroleptic agents
  A antipsychotic agent
  A Neuroleptikum
  A antipsychotic drugs
  A neuroleptic
  A antipsychotic drug
  A antipsychotiques
  A neuroleptiques
  A major tranquilizing agents
  A major tranquilizers
  A antipsychotic agents
  A grosser Tranquilizer
  A antipsychotics
  A neuroleptique
obo:CHEBI_35474
  A minor tranquilisers
  A anxiolytic drug
  A minor tranquilizers
  A anxiolytics
  A minor tranquilizing agents
  A anti-anxiety agents
  A anxiolytic agents
  A anti-anxiety drugs
obo:CHEBI_65190
  A typical antipsychotic drug
  A typical antipsychotic
  A typical antipsychotics
  A first generation antipsychotic agents
  A typical antipsychotic agents
  A first generation antipsychotics
  A first generation antipsychotic drugs
  A first generation antipsychotic drug
  A typical antipsychotic drugs
  A first generation antipsychotic
  A first generation antipsychotic agent
  A typical antipsychotic agent
obo:CHEBI_65191
  A second generation antipsychotic drugs
  A second generation antipsychotics
  A second generation antipsychotic agent
  A second generation antipsychotic
  A second generation antipsychotic drug
  A atypical antipsychotic
  A atypical antipsychotic agent
  A atypical antipsychotic drug
  A atypical antipsychotics
  A atypical antipsychotic agents
  A second generation antipsychotic agents
  A atypical antipsychotic drugs
obo:CHEBI_37930
  A phenothiazine neuroleptics
  A phenothiazine antipsychotics
  A phenothiazine antipsychotic drugs
  A phenothiazine antipsychotic drug
obo:CHEBI_64933
  A melanogenesis inhibitors
  A melanogenesis inhibitor
  A melanin biosynthesis inhibitors
  A melanin synthesis inhibitor
  A melanin biosynthesis inhibitor
  A melanin synthesis inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_59683
  A antipruritic drug
  A anti-itching drugs
  A anti-itching drug
  A antipruritic agent
  A antipruritic drugs
  A antipruritic agents
obo:CHEBI_50748
  A antipsoriatic drug
  A antipsoriatic agent
  A antipsoriatic
obo:CHEBI_59010
  A antiseborrheics
  A antiseborrheic drug
  A antiseborrheic agents
  A antiseborrheic agent
  A antiseborrheic
obo:CHEBI_50176
  A skin-peeling agent
  A keratolytic drugs
  A keratolytic agent
  A desquamating agent
  A keratolytic drug
obo:CHEBI_77608
  A loop diuretics
  A loop diuretic
obo:CHEBI_50504
  A osmotic diuretic
obo:CHEBI_48675
  A antifibrinolytic drugs
  A antifibrinolytic agents
  A antifibrinolytic agent
  A antifibrinolytic drug
obo:CHEBI_55323
  A antiperistaltics
  A antidiarrhoeal agent
  A antidiarrheals
  A antidiarrhoeal drug
  A antidiarrheal agent
  A antidiarrhoeals
  A antiperistaltic drugs
  A antiperistaltic
  A antiperistaltic agent
  A antidiarrheal drug
  A antiperistaltic drug
  A antidiarrheal drugs
  A antidiarrhoeal
  A antidiarrhoeal agents
  A antidiarrhoeal drugs
  A antidiarrheal agents
  A antiperistaltic agents
  A antidiarrheal
obo:CHEBI_50249
  A anticoagulants
  A anticoagulante
  A anticoagulant
obo:CHEBI_50427
  A platelet aggregation inhibitors
  A platelet aggregation inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_51577
  A partial prostacyclin agonist
obo:CHEBI_50433
  A glycoprotein-IIb/IIIa receptor antagonist
  A fibrinogen receptor antagonist
  A platelet glycoprotein-IIb/IIIa receptor antagonists
  A GPIIb/IIIa antagonist
  A GPIIb/IIIa antagonists
  A platelet glycoprotein-IIb/IIIa receptor antagonist
  A fibrinogen receptor antagonists
  A glycoprotein-IIb/IIIa receptor antagonists
obo:CHEBI_50864
  A thiazolidinediones
  A PPARgamma agonist
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma agonists
  A glitazones
  A proliferator activated receptor gamma agonists
  A PPAR-gamma agonist
  A glitazonas
  A proliferator activated receptor gamma agonist
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma agonist
  A PPAR-gamma agonists
  A insulin sensitizers
  A insulin-sensitizing agent
  A PPARgamma agonists
  A glitazone drug
  A insulin sensitisers
  A tiazolidinedionas
  A insulin-sensitizing drug
  A insulin-sensitising drug
obo:CHEBI_50847
  A Immunoactivator
  A Immunoadjuvant
  A Immunologic adjuvant
  A Immunopotentiator
  A Immunostimulant
  A immunological adjuvant
obo:CHEBI_35705
  A inmunosupresor
  A immunosuppressive agents
  A immunosuppressant
  A immunosuppressive agent
obo:CHEBI_51371
  A muscle relaxants
  A muscle relaxant
obo:CHEBI_53784
  A antispasmodics
  A antispasmodic drug
obo:CHEBI_37962
  A adrenergics
  A adrenergic neuron agents
  A adrenergic agents
  A adrenergic drugs
  A adrenergic agent
  A adrenergic drug
obo:CHEBI_38323
  A cholinomimetic
  A cholinergic drugs
  A cholinergic agent
  A cholinergic drug
obo:CHEBI_48560
  A dopamine drugs
  A dopamine agents
  A dopaminergic agent
  A dopamine drug
  A dopaminergic agents
  A dopamine agent
obo:CHEBI_50103
  A excitatory amino acid receptor agonists
  A excitatory amino acid receptor agonist
  A excitatory amino acid agonists
  A excitatory amino acid agonist
obo:CHEBI_51374
  A GABA agent
obo:CHEBI_85384
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid reuptake inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid re-uptake inhibitor
  A GABA reuptake inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid re-uptake inhibitors
  A GABA reuptake inhibitors
  A GABA re-uptake inhibitors
  A GABA re-uptake inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid reuptake inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_53353
  A GHB receptor agonists
  A GHB receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_37957
  A histaminergic agents
  A histaminergic drug
  A histaminergic drugs
  A histaminergic agent
  A histamine agents
  A histamine drugs
obo:CHEBI_51068
  A miotics
  A Miotico
  A miotic
obo:CHEBI_72294
  A nerve growth factor stimulators
  A NGF stimulators
  A NGF stimulator
  A nerve growth factor stimulator
obo:CHEBI_64371
  A neurotransmitter transporter modulators
  A neurotransmitter transporter modulator
obo:CHEBI_60598
  A opioid agents
  A opioid agent
obo:CHEBI_48278
  A serotonin drugs
  A serotonergic drugs
  A serotonergic agents
  A serotonergic drug
obo:CHEBI_37886
  A adrenergic receptor agonist
  A adrenoceptor agonists
  A adrenomimetics
  A adrenergic agonist
  A adrenergic agonists
  A adrenomimetic
obo:CHEBI_37887
  A adrenergic antagonist
  A adrenergic blocker
  A adrenergic receptor blockaders
  A adrenergic blockers
  A adrenoceptor antagonists
  A adrenergic antagonists
  A adrenergic blockaders
obo:CHEBI_35640
  A norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors
  A adrenergic uptake inhibitors
  A adrenergic reuptake inhibitor
  A NRI
  A adrenergic uptake inhibitor
  A ARI
  A NERI
  A adrenergic reuptake inhibitors
  A norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_48539
  A alpha-adrenergic drugs
  A alpha-adrenergic drug
obo:CHEBI_48540
  A beta-adrenergic drugs
  A beta-adrenergic drug
obo:CHEBI_66991
  A sympatholytic agents
  A sympatholytic drugs
  A sympatholytic
  A sympatholytics
  A sympatholytic agent
  A sympatholytic drug
obo:CHEBI_35524
  A sympathomimetics
  A sympathomimetic
  A sympathomimetic agent
obo:CHEBI_35569
  A alpha-adrenoceptor agonists
  A alpha-adrenergic receptor agonist
  A alpha-adrenergic agonists
  A alpha-adrenergic agonist
obo:CHEBI_35530
  A beta-adrenergic blockers
  A beta-adrenergic receptor blockaders
  A beta-adrenergic antagonists
  A beta-adrenergic blocker
  A beta-adrenoceptor antagonists
  A beta-blockers
  A beta-blocker
  A beta-adrenergic antagonist
obo:CHEBI_37890
  A alpha-adrenergic antagonists
  A alpha-adrenoceptor antagonists
  A alpha-adrenergic receptor blockaders
  A alpha-adrenergic blockers
  A alpha-adrenergic blocker
  A alpha-adrenergic antagonist
obo:CHEBI_35522
  A beta-adrenoceptor agonists
  A beta-adrenergic receptor agonist
  A beta-adrenergic agonists
  A beta-adrenergic agonist
obo:CHEBI_38324
  A cholinomimetic
  A cholinomimetics
  A cholinergic agonist
  A acetylcholine agonists
  A acetylcholine agonist
  A cholinergic agonists
  A acetylcholine receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_48873
  A cholinergic antagonist
  A anticholinergic agents
  A anticolinergicos
  A agent anticholinergique
  A cholinergic-blocking agents
  A Anticholinergikum
  A acetylcholine antagonists
  A agentes anticolinergicos
  A anticholinergiques
  A anticholinergics
  A Anticholinergika
  A agente anticolinergico
  A acetylcholine receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_38325
  A muscarinic cholinergic agonists
  A muscarinic cholinergic agonist
  A muscarinic agonists
  A muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist
  A muscarinic agonist
obo:CHEBI_47958
  A nicotinic agonists
  A nicotinic agonist
  A nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonists
  A muscarinic agonists
  A nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_25540
  A neonicotinoid insectide
  A neonicotinoid insectides
  A nicotinoid insectides
  A nicotinoid insectide
obo:CHEBI_48876
  A muscarinic antagonist
  A antimuscarinic agents
  A muscarinic antagonists
  A agentes antimuscarinicos
  A Antimuskarinikum
  A agente antimuscarinico
  A antimuscarinicos
  A Antimuskarinika
  A muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist
  A agents antimuscariniques
obo:CHEBI_48878
  A nicotinic cholinergic agonist
  A agents antinicotiniques
  A nicotinic antagonist
  A nicotinic antagonists
  A agentes antinicotinicos
  A antinicotinicos
  A agente antinicotinico
  A nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonists
  A nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_50370
  A parasympatholytics
  A parasympatholytic
obo:CHEBI_51065
  A Dopaminergic agonist
  A Dopamine receptor agonist
  A Agonista dopaminergico
  A dopamine agonist
obo:CHEBI_51039
  A dopamine reuptake inhibitor
  A DRI
  A dopamine reuptake inhibitors
  A dopamine uptake inhibitors
  A dopamine uptake inhibitor
  A DARI
obo:CHEBI_48561
  A dopaminergic antagonists
  A dopamine receptor antagonist
  A dopamine blocker
  A dopamine antagonist
  A dopaminergic antagonist
obo:CHEBI_131795
  A D1 agonists
  A dopamine D1 receptor agonists
  A dopamine receptor D1 agonists
  A dopamine D1 receptor agonist
  A D1 agonist
  A dopamine receptor D1 agonist
obo:CHEBI_64571
  A N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor agonists
  A NMDA receptor agonists
  A N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor agonist
  A NMDAR agonist
  A NMDAR agonists
  A NMDA receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_51373
  A GABA agonist
obo:CHEBI_91016
  A GABAA receptor agonists
  A GABAA receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_35678
  A histamine agonists
  A histamine agonist
obo:CHEBI_37956
  A histamine receptor blockers
  A antihistamine
  A antihistaminics
  A histamine antagonist
  A histamine receptor blocker
  A antihistaminico
  A antihistamines
obo:CHEBI_71173
  A histamine H1-receptor agonists
  A histamine H1-receptor agonist
  A H1-receptor agonists
  A H1-receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_64154
  A histamine H3-receptor agonists
  A histamine H3-receptor agonist
  A H3-receptor agonists
  A H3-receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_64155
  A H4-receptor agonists
  A H4-receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_37955
  A H1-receptor blocker
  A H1-receptor antagonists
  A H1-receptor blockers
  A H1 receptor blockaders
  A H1-receptor antagonist
  A classical antihistamines
  A H1 receptor antagonists
  A classical antihistaminics
  A H1 antihistaminics
obo:CHEBI_37961
  A H2 receptor blockaders
  A H2-receptor blocker
  A H2 receptor antagonists
  A H2-receptor antagonist
  A histamine H2 receptor antagonists
  A H2-receptor blockers
  A histamine H2 receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_64176
  A histamine H3-receptor antagonists
  A histamine H3-receptor antagonist
  A H3-receptor antagonists
  A H3-receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_64370
  A glutamate transporter activators
  A excitatory amino-acid transporter activators
  A excitatory amino-acid transporter activator
  A glutamate transporter activator
obo:CHEBI_60601
  A delta-opioid agents
  A delta-opioid agent
obo:CHEBI_60603
  A kappa-opioid agents
  A kappa-opioid agent
obo:CHEBI_60599
  A mu-opioid agents
  A mu-opioid agent
obo:CHEBI_60606
  A opiate agonists
  A opioid receptor agonist
  A opioid receptor agonists
  A opioid agonist
  A opioid agonists
  A opiate agonist
obo:CHEBI_60605
  A opioid receptor antagonist
  A opioid receptor antagonists
  A opiate antagonist
  A opioid antagonist
  A opioid antagonists
  A opiate antagonists
obo:CHEBI_59283
  A delta-opioid antagonists
  A delta-opioid antagonist
  A delta-opioid receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_64054
  A delta-opioid receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_59282
  A kappa-opioid receptor agonists
  A kappa-opioid agonist
  A kappa-opioid receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_55322
  A mu-opioid receptor agonists
  A mu-opioid agonists
  A mu opioid agonist
  A mu-opioid receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_50137
  A mu-opioid receptor antagonists
  A mu-opioid receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_35941
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine agonist
  A serotonin agonists
  A 5-HT agonist
  A serotonergic agonist
  A serotonergic agonists
  A serotonin agonist
obo:CHEBI_48279
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine antagonists
  A serotonin antagonists
  A serotonergic antagonist
  A antiserotonergic agents
  A serotonin blockaders
  A 5-HT antagonists
obo:CHEBI_50949
  A serotonin reuptake inhibitor
  A SSRI
  A serotonin uptake inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_39456
  A anti-glaucoma agents
  A anti-glaucoma drugs
  A anti-glaucoma agent
  A antiglaucoma agent
  A antiglaucoma drug
  A anti-glaucoma drug
  A antiglaucoma drugs
obo:CHEBI_50247
  A antidotes
  A antidote
obo:CHEBI_77307
  A cardioprotective agents
  A cardioprotective agent
obo:CHEBI_62868
  A hepatoprotective agents
  A antihepatotoxic agent
  A hepatoprotective agent
obo:CHEBI_76595
  A nephroprotective agents
  A nephroprotective agent
obo:CHEBI_63726
  A neuroprotective agents
  A neuroprotectants
  A neuroprotectant
  A neuroprotective agent
obo:CHEBI_66987
  A radiation protective drugs
  A radiation protective drug
  A radiation protective agents
  A radiation protective agent
obo:CHEBI_134173
  A antidote to barbiturate overdose
  A antidote to barbiturate poisoning
obo:CHEBI_90757
  A antidote to benzodiazepine overdose
  A antidote to benzodiazepine poisoning
obo:CHEBI_74530
  A antidote to tubocurarine
  A tubocurarine antidote
  A curare poisoning antidote
  A tubocurarine antidotes
  A curare antidotes
  A antidotes to curare poisoning
  A antidote to curare
  A curare poisoning antidotes
  A antidotes to tubocurarine
  A antidote to curare poisoning
  A curare antidote
  A antidotes to curare
  A antidotes to tubocurarine poisoning
  A antidote to tubocurarine poisoning
obo:CHEBI_90749
  A antidote to cyanide poisoning
obo:CHEBI_90755
  A antidote to opioid overdose
  A antidote to opioid poisoning
obo:CHEBI_90753
  A antidote to nerve agents
  A antidote to acetylcholinesterase inhibitor poisoning
  A antidote to organophosphate poisoning
obo:CHEBI_74529
  A antidotes to paracetamol poisoning
  A paracetamol poisoning antidote
  A acetaminophen poisoning antidotes
  A antidotes to Tylenol poisoning
  A antidotes to acetaminophen poisoning
  A Tylenol poisoning antidote
  A antidote to paracetamol poisoning
  A acetaminophen poisoning antidote
  A Tylenol poisoning antidotes
  A antidote to acetaminophen poisoning
  A paracetamol poisoning antidotes
  A antidote to Tylenol poisoning
obo:CHEBI_136860
  A antidote to sarin poisoning
obo:CHEBI_51061
  A hormone receptor modulators
  A hormone receptor modulator
obo:CHEBI_90709
  A nuclear receptor modulators
  A nuclear receptor modulator
obo:CHEBI_138015
  A endocrine-disrupting chemical
  A endocrine-disrupting chemicals
  A hormonally active agent
  A endocrine disruptors
  A hormonally active agents
  A endocrine disrupting compounds
  A endocrine disruptor
  A endocrine disrupting chemicals
  A endocrine disrupting chemical
  A endocrine disrupting compound
obo:CHEBI_71027
  A progesterone receptor modulators
  A progesterone receptor modulator
obo:CHEBI_90708
  A retinoic acid receptor modulators
  A retinoic acid receptor modulator
obo:CHEBI_35841
  A uricosuric drugs
  A uricosuric agent
  A uricosuric drug
obo:CHEBI_50691
  A abortifacient agent
  A abortifacient agents
  A abortifacients
  A abortifacient
  A abortifacient drug
  A abortifacient drugs
obo:CHEBI_49323
  A contraceptive drugs
  A contraceptive agent
  A contraceptive drug
obo:CHEBI_66993
  A anti-contraction medications
  A anti-contraction drug
  A tocolytic
  A tocolytic agents
  A tocolytic drug
  A tocolytics
  A labour repressants
  A anti-contraction medication
  A labour repressant
  A tocolytic drugs
  A tocolytic agent
  A anti-contraction drugs
obo:CHEBI_49324
  A female contraceptive drugs
  A female contraceptive agent
  A female contraceptive drug
obo:CHEBI_49325
  A oral contraceptives
  A oral contraceptive
obo:CHEBI_49326
  A synthetic oral contraceptives
  A synthetic oral contraceptive
obo:CHEBI_50266
  A Prodrugs
  A prodrug
obo:CHEBI_39442
  A fluorescent probe
obo:CHEBI_35226
  A spin probe
obo:CHEBI_52943
  A carboxylic acid protecting groups
  A carboxylic acid protecting group
obo:CHEBI_52941
  A phosphate protecting groups
  A phosphate protecting group
obo:CHEBI_132717
  A bleaching agent
obo:CHEBI_60646
  A chiral reagent
obo:CHEBI_59745
  A derivatizing reagents
  A derivatizing reagent
  A derivatising reagents
  A chromatographic reagent
obo:CHEBI_67126
  A color reagents
  A colorimetric reagent
  A colour reagents
  A colorimetric reagents
  A color reagent
  A colour reagent
obo:CHEBI_50684
  A cross-linking reagents
  A cross-linking reagent
obo:CHEBI_51266
  A gelator
obo:CHEBI_51237
  A Grignards Reagens
  A Grignard reagent
obo:CHEBI_74914
  A microarray analysis reagents
  A microarray analysis reagent
obo:CHEBI_67137
  A lanthanide shift reagents
  A nuclear magnetic resonance shift reagents
  A nuclear magnetic resonance shift reagent
  A NMR shift reagents
  A lanthanide shift reagent
  A NMR shift reagent
obo:CHEBI_73668
  A peptide coupling reagents
  A peptide coupling reagent
obo:CHEBI_73618
  A spectrophotometric reagents
  A spectrophotometric reagent
obo:CHEBI_51267
  A swelling agent
obo:CHEBI_51166
  A reactivos de Wittig
  A reactivo de Wittig
  A reactif de Wittig
  A Wittig reagents
  A Wittig reagent
obo:CHEBI_78003
  A food bleaching agents
  A food bleaching agent
obo:CHEBI_35205
  A chemical tracer
obo:CHEBI_35206
  A isotopic tracer
obo:CHEBI_35208
  A physical tracer
obo:CHEBI_35207
  A radioactive tracer
obo:CHEBI_52209
  A etiopathogenetic role
  A etiopathogenetic agent
  A aetiopathogenetic role
bao:BAO_0002642
  D "This categorizes the distinct roles played by antibodies in recognizing either the antigen or an antibody itself."
obo:CHEBI_59132
  A antigens
  A antigen
obo:CHEBI_33281
  A microbicide
  A antimicrobial
  A antibiotics
  A antimicrobial agent
  A microbicides
  A antimicrobials
  A Antibiotikum
  A antibiotic
  A antimicrobial agents
  A Antibiotika
  A antibiotique
obo:CHEBI_73190
  A antimutagens
  A antimutagenic agents
  A antimutagenic agent
  A antimutagen
bao:BAO_0002726
  D "The role played by a molecular entity that is added as an ingredient to an assay."
obo:CHEBI_52206
  A biochemical role
bao:BAO_0000818
  D "The role played by a soluble molecule, such as a hormone, neurotransmitter, or small molecule that binds to a biomolecular entity, such as a receptor."
obo:CHEBI_52208
  A biophysical role
bao:BAO_0002032
  D "The supportive role of a protein in mediating attachment of cells to a cell culture dish, on which it is coated."
bao:BAO_0002096
  D "The role played by an enzyme in reporting the activity of a different enzyme by being able to use the substrate or product of the latter in its own reaction (either as a substrate or cofactor). E.g., luciferase acts as a coupled enzyme for cytochrome P450, as the luciferin generated (from modified luciferin) by the latter acts as its substrate."
bao:BAO_0002030
  D "The role played by a molecular entity as being the substrate for a coupled enzyme (see definition of coupled enzyme). For e.g., luciferin, which is generated by cytochrome P450 (from modified luciferin) in a coupled enzyme reaction is the coupled substrate for luciferase."
bao:BAO_0002087
  D "The molecular entity that brings about the transformation of less specialized cells to more specialized cell types, which differ morphologically and /or functionally."
obo:CHEBI_53000
  A epitope role
  A epitope function
  A antigenic determinant
  A epitope
bao:BAO_0000105
  D "The role played by a cell line in supporting the growth of another cell line (e.g., stem cell). The feeder cell, e.g., mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs) provides an adhesive surface to which the stem cells can attach and also secrete factors required for their growth."
obo:CHEBI_50913
  A fixation agent
  A fixating agents
  A fixating agent
  A fixative
obo:CHEBI_76219
  A fluorogen
obo:CHEBI_68509
  A glutathione depletors
  A glutathione depletor
  A glutathione depletion agents
  A glutathione depleting agent
  A glutathione depletion agent
  A glutathione depleting agents
obo:CHEBI_39317
  A growth regulators
  A growth regulator
obo:CHEBI_59174
  A haptens
  A hapten
obo:CHEBI_85516
  A ELAVL1
  A Human Antigen R Protein Expression Modulator and AkT Inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64088
  A incretin mimetics
  A incretin mimetic
obo:CHEBI_35222
  A inhibitors
  A inhibitor
  A inhibiteur
  A inhibidor
obo:CHEBI_24850
  A insect attractants
  A insect attractant
bao:BAO_0002102
  D "The role played by a molecular entity that is added as an ingredient to a broth that is used to culture cells."
obo:CHEBI_60218
  A mimeotope role
  A mimeotope
  A epitope mimic
  A mimotope role
  A antigenic determinant mimic
  A mimotope function
  A mimeotope function
  A mimetope
  A mimotope
obo:CHEBI_52290
  A mitogens
  A mitogen
obo:CHEBI_33280
  A chemical messenger
  A molecular messenger
obo:CHEBI_25573
  A nodulation factors
  A nod factor
  A NF
  A nodulation factor
obo:CHEBI_25728
  A osmolytes
  A osmolyte
bao:BAO_0003059
  D "The role of a molecular entity (small molecule, siRNA/shRNA, etc.) in altering the activity of proteins that serve as targets in a bioassay."
obo:CHEBI_52210
  A pharmacological role
obo:CHEBI_52211
  A physiological role
obo:CHEBI_64909
  A toxic agents
  A poisonous agent
  A poisons
  A toxic substance
  A poison
  A toxic substances
  A poisonous substance
  A toxic agent
  A poisonous agents
  A poisonous substances
obo:CHEBI_71212
  A prohormones
  A prohormone
bao:BAO_0002539
  D "The role of the peptide that is appended at the N- or C-terminal of a protein (e.g., GST, His, HA, Myc, etc) which allows for easy identification and/or separation of that protein."
obo:CHEBI_50188
  A provitamins
  A provitamin
bao:BAO_0002656
  D "A gene that performs the role of encoding a reporter protein, which can easily be detected in an assay, e.g., luciferase gene that encodes the luciferase protein. DNA constructs that contain reporter genes are excellent tools to understand regulation of gene expression."
bao:BAO_0003061
  D "The role of a protein to be easily detected in an assay by virtue of its innate properties (fluorescence) or catalyzing a reaction that result in easily measurable products, such as luminescence, colored product, etc. Examples include luciferase, GFP, beta-galactosidase, etc."
obo:CHEBI_63923
  A sclerotherapy agents
  A sclerotherapy agent
bao:BAO_0003068
  D "The role of a chemical entity to distinguish two populations of cells, e.g., ampicillin is added to culture medium to identify ampicillin resistant bacteria."
bao:BAO_0003063
  D "The role of a molecular entity to serve as the input for an enzymatic reaction that generates a product, e.g. ATP has the role of a substrate for ATPase, which hydrolyzes it to produce ADP and Pi."
bao:BAO_0003064
  D "The role of a molecular entity (protein or nucleic acid) that is the presumed subject of an assay and whose activity is being regulated by an entity with a perturbagen role in that assay."
obo:CHEBI_53337
  A tissue adhesives
  A tissue adhesive
obo:CHEBI_73623
  A tolerogens
  A tolerogen
bao:BAO_0003065
  D "The role of a molecular entity of specifying the cell's status of being alive, e.g., ATP."
obo:CHEBI_35703
  A xenobiotics
  A xenobiotic compounds
  A xenobiotic
  A Xenobiotic
obo:CHEBI_50904
  A allergenic agent
  A allergene
  A alergeno
  A allergen
obo:CHEBI_50903
  A agente carcinogeno
  A carcinogen
  A carcinogens
  A carcinogenic agents
  A carcinogenic agent
  A carcinogeno
  A cancerogene
  A cancerigene
  A carcinogene
obo:CHEBI_50912
  A cardiotoxicant
  A cardiotoxic agent
obo:CHEBI_50902
  A genotoxins
  A genotoxic agents
  A genotoxic agent
  A genotoxin
obo:CHEBI_50908
  A hepatoxicant
  A hepatoxic agent
  A hepatotoxicant
  A agente hepatotoxico
  A hepatotoxic agent
obo:CHEBI_50909
  A nephrotoxicant
  A agente nefrotoxico
  A nephrotoxic agent
obo:CHEBI_50905
  A teratogeno
  A teratogen
  A agent teratogene
  A teratogenic agent
obo:CHEBI_88188
  A allergenic drug
  A drug allergen
obo:CHEBI_25435
  A mutagene
  A mutagenos
  A mutagenes
  A mutagenic agent
  A mutagens
  A mutageno
  A mutagen
obo:CHEBI_22333
  A alkylating agent
obo:CHEBI_24853
  A intercalator
  A intercalators
  A intercalating ligands
  A intercalating agents
  A agente intercalante
  A intercalating agent
bao:BAO_0002643
  D "The role of an antibody to detect and bind a specific antigen in a sample (cell, tissue, protein blot)."
bao:BAO_0002644
  D "The role of an antibody to detect and bind a primary antibody in a sample (cell, tissue, protein blot)."
obo:CHEBI_60816
  A immunogen
obo:CHEBI_59544
  A phosphoantigens
  A phosphoantigen
obo:CHEBI_132710
  A xenoantigens
  A xenoantigen
obo:CHEBI_22309
  A alicyclic antibiotics
obo:CHEBI_22311
  A aliphatic antibiotics
obo:CHEBI_22476
  A amino acid derivative antibiotics
obo:CHEBI_33282
  A bactericides
  A bactericide
  A antibacterials
  A antibacterial agents
  A antibacterial agent
obo:CHEBI_35718
  A antifungal agents
  A antifungals
  A antifungal drugs
  A antifungal agent
  A antifungal
  A antifungal drug
obo:CHEBI_36043
  A antimicrobial drugs
  A antimicrobial drug
obo:CHEBI_22587
  A anti-viral agents
  A anti-viral agent
  A antiviral agent
  A antivirals
  A antiviral agents
  A antiviral
obo:CHEBI_48219
  A disinfecting agent
  A disinfectants
  A desinfectant
  A Desinfektionsmittel
  A disinfectant
obo:CHEBI_25605
  A nucleoside antibiotics
  A nucleoside antibiotic
obo:CHEBI_26083
  A phosphorus containing antibiotics
obo:CHEBI_73911
  A vibriostatics
  A vibriostatic
  A vibriostatic agent
obo:CHEBI_86327
  A antifungal drugs
  A antifungal drug
  A anti-fungal drug
  A antifungal medications
  A antifungal medication
  A anti-fungal drugs
  A pharmaceutical fungicide
  A pharmaceutical fungicides
  A anti-fungal medication
  A anti-fungal medications
obo:CHEBI_83734
  A sterol demethylation inhibitors
  A sterol demethylation inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77884
  A sterol 14alpha-demethylase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.70 inhibitors
  A sterol,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase (14-methyl cleaving) inhibitors
  A sterol 14alpha-demethylase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.70 inhibitor
  A lanosterol 14-demethylase inhibitor
  A obtusufoliol 14-demethylase inhibitors
  A obtusufoliol 14-demethylase inhibitor
  A sterol,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase (14-methyl cleaving) inhibitor
  A lanosterol 14-demethylase inhibitors
  A sterol 14-demethylase inhibitors
  A cytochrome P450 51 inhibitor
  A sterol 14-demethylase inhibitor
  A lanosterol 14alpha-demethylase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor
  A cytochrome P450 51 inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitors
  A lanosterol 14alpha-demethylase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_36047
  A antibacterial drugs
  A antibacterial drug
obo:CHEBI_36044
  A antiviral drugs
  A anti-virus drug
  A anti-viral drug
  A antiviral drug
obo:CHEBI_64912
  A antimycobacterial drug
  A antimycobacterials
  A antimycobacterial agents
  A antimycobacterium
  A antimycobacterial drugs
  A antimycobacterial agent
obo:CHEBI_36050
  A antitreponemal drugs
  A antitreponemal agent
  A antitreponemal drug
obo:CHEBI_33231
  A antitubercular drugs
  A tuberculostatic agent
  A antitubercular agent
  A antitubercular agents
  A antitubercular
  A antitubercular drug
obo:CHEBI_35816
  A leprostatic drugs
  A leprostatic agent
  A leprostatic
  A leprostatic drug
obo:CHEBI_36051
  A antisyphilitics
  A antisyphilitic drugs
  A antisyphilitic agents
  A antisyphilitic agent
  A antisyphilitic drug
obo:CHEBI_52425
  A exo-alpha-sialidase inhibitors
  A acetylneuraminyl hydrolase inhibitor
  A N-acylneuraminate glycohydrolase inhibitor
  A exo-alpha-sialidase (EC 3.2.1.18) inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor
  A N-acylneuraminate glycohydrolase inhibitors
  A exo-alpha-sialidase (EC 3.2.1.18) inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.18 inhibitors
  A alpha-neuraminidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitors
  A acetylneuraminidase inhibitors
  A sialidase inhibitors
  A acetylneuraminyl hydrolase inhibitors
  A sialidase inhibitor
  A neuraminidase inhibitors
  A alpha-neuraminidase inhibitor
  A neuraminidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.18 inhibitor
  A acetylneuraminidase inhibitor
  A exo-alpha-sialidase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64951
  A anti-hepatitis B virus agents
  A anti-hepatitis B virus agent
  A anti-HBV agents
  A anti-HBV agent
obo:CHEBI_64946
  A anti-HIV agents
  A anti-AIDS agents
  A anti-AIDS agent
  A anti-HIV agent
obo:CHEBI_64952
  A anti-HSV agents
  A anti-HHV agent
  A anti-herpes simplex virus agents
  A anti-HSV agent
  A anti-HHV agents
  A anti-human herpes virus agents
  A anti-human herpes virus agent
  A anti-herpes simplex virus agent
obo:CHEBI_64947
  A anti-LAV agent
  A anti-LAV agents
  A anti-HTLV-III agents
  A anti-HTLV-III agent
  A anti-HIV-1 agents
  A anti-HIV-1 agent
obo:CHEBI_64949
  A anti-HIV-2 agents
  A anti-HIV-2 agent
obo:CHEBI_59886
  A HIV fusion inhibitors
  A HIV entry inhibitors
  A HIV entry inhibitor
  A HIV fusion inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_35660
  A HIV protease inhibitors
  A HIV protease inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_52629
  A retroviral ribonuclease H (EC 3.1.26.13) inhibitors
  A retroviral ribonuclease H (EC 3.1.26.13) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.26.13 inhibitor
  A RT/RNase H inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.26.13 (retroviral ribonuclease H) inhibitor
  A HIV-1 RNase H inhibitor
  A retroviral ribonuclease H inhibitor
  A retroviral reverse transcriptase RNaseH inhibitor
  A HIV-1 RNase H inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.26.13 (retroviral ribonuclease H) inhibitors
  A HIV RNase H inhibitors
  A RT/RNase H inhibitor
  A HIV RNase H inhibitor
  A HIV-1 ribonuclease H inhibitor
  A HIV-1 ribonuclease H inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.26.13 inhibitors
  A retroviral reverse transcriptase RNaseH inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_67268
  A HIV-1 integrase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_53756
  A reverse transcriptase inhibitors
  A reverse transcriptase inhibitor
  A HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitors
  A HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64953
  A anti-human herpes virus-I agents
  A anti-human herpes virus-I agent
  A anti-HSV-I agent
  A anti-HHV-1 agents
  A anti-HSV-1 agents
  A anti-HSV-1 agent
  A anti-HHV-I agent
  A anti-HSV-I agents
  A anti-HHV-1 agent
  A anti-human herpes virus-1 agent
  A anti-human herpes virus-1 agents
  A anti-HHV-I agents
obo:CHEBI_64954
  A anti-human herpes virus-2 agents
  A anti-human herpes virus-2 agent
  A anti-HSV-2 agent
  A anti-human herpes virus-II agents
  A anti-HHV-2 agent
  A anti-human herpes virus-II agent
  A anti-HHV-II agent
  A anti-HSV-2 agents
  A anti-HSV-II agents
  A anti-HHV-2 agents
  A anti-HSV-II agent
  A anti-HHV-II agents
obo:CHEBI_35221
  A antimetabolites
  A antimetabolite
obo:CHEBI_76720
  A antisense oligonucleotide
obo:CHEBI_68495
  A apoptosis inducers
  A Type I programmed cell-death inducers
  A Type I cell-death inducers
  A Type I cell-death inducer
  A Type I programmed cell-death inducer
  A apoptosis inducer
obo:CHEBI_77750
  A ATP/ADP translocase inhibitors
  A ATP-ADP translocase inhibitors
  A ATP-ADP translocase inhibitor
  A ATP/ADP translocase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_88230
  A autophagy inhibitors
  A autophagocytosis inhibitors
  A autophagocytosis inhibitor
  A autophagy inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_62914
  A axin stabilizers
  A axin stabilisers
  A axin stabiliser
  A axin stabilizer
obo:CHEBI_72771
  A breast cancer resistance protein inhibitors
  A ABCG2 inhibitors
  A ABCG2 inhibitor
  A breast cancer resistance protein inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_70724
  A cell dedifferentiation agents
  A cell dedifferentiation agent
obo:CHEBI_23357
  A cofactors
  A cofactor
obo:CHEBI_35224
  A enzyme modulator
  A effector
obo:CHEBI_23924
  A inhibidor enzimatico
  A inhibiteur enzymatique
  A enzyme inhibitor
  A inhibidores enzimaticos
  A enzyme inhibitors
  A inhibiteurs enzymatiques
obo:CHEBI_50242
  A enzyme reactivators
  A enzyme reactivator
obo:CHEBI_137079
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 4F inhibitors
  A eIF4F inhibitors
  A eIF4F inhibitor
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 4F inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90767
  A eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1alpha 1 inhibitors
  A EEF1A1 inhibitors
  A EEF1A1 inhibitor
  A eEF1A inhibitors
  A eEF1A inhibitor
  A eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1alpha 1 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_133190
  A fatty acid oxidation inhibitors
  A fatty acid oxidation inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75298
  A histamine releasing agent
  A histamine releasing substance
  A histamine releasing agents
  A histamine releasing compounds
  A histamine releasing compound
  A histamine releasing substances
obo:CHEBI_134083
  A hypoxia-inducible factor pathway activators
  A hypoxia-inducible factor pathway activator
  A HIF pathway activators
  A hypoxia activators
  A hypoxia activator
  A HIF pathway activator
obo:CHEBI_134108
  A lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis inhibitors
  A lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_25212
  A secondary metabolites
  A primary metabolites
  A metabolites
  A metabolite
obo:CHEBI_72298
  A MTTP inhibitor
  A microsomal triglyceride transfer protein inhibitor
  A MTTP inhibitors
  A MTP inhibitor
  A MTP inhibitors
  A microsomal triglyceride transfer protein inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77731
  A tumour protein p53 activator
  A tumor protein p53 activators
  A tumour protein p53 activators
  A phosphoprotein p53 activator
  A phosphoprotein p53 activators
  A tumour suppressor p53 activators
  A p53 activator
  A p53 activators
  A tumour suppressor p53 activator
  A tumor protein p53 activator
  A cellular tumor antigen p53 activator
  A cellular tumor antigen p53 activators
obo:CHEBI_63175
  A peptidomimetics
  A peptidomimetic
obo:CHEBI_83741
  A phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitors
  A phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_52216
  A photobiochemical role
obo:CHEBI_90414
  A secretagogues
  A secretagogue
obo:CHEBI_87786
  A signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 protein inhibitors
  A STAT5 inhibitors
  A STAT5 inhibitor
  A signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 protein inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73273
  A SGLT2 inhibitors
  A sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitors
  A sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors
  A sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitor
  A sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitor
  A SGLT2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_83609
  A steatosis inducing drugs
  A steatosis inducing drug
  A steatosis inducing agents
  A steatosis inducing agent
obo:CHEBI_90991
  A steroid receptor coactivator stimulator
  A steroid receptor coactivator small molecule stimulators
  A SRC stimulators
  A steroid receptor coactivator small molecule stimulator
  A steroid receptor coactivator stimulators
  A SRC stimulator
obo:CHEBI_73913
  A folic acid antagonists
  A folic acid antagonist
  A antifolates
  A antifolate
obo:CHEBI_23354
  A coenzymes
  A coenzyme
obo:CHEBI_26348
  A prosthetic groups
  A prosthetic group
  A groupe prosthetique
obo:CHEBI_24430
  A group transfer coenzymes
obo:CHEBI_88355
  A alpha-secretase activators
  A alpha-secretase activator
obo:CHEBI_71033
  A carbamylphosphate synthetase I activators
  A carbamylphosphate synthetase I activator
obo:CHEBI_85053
  A AMPK activators
  A reductase kinase activator
  A EC 2.7.11.31 ([hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase) activator
  A [hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase activator
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase activators
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase (phosphorylating) activator
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase activators
  A 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase activators
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase activator
  A ATP:[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] phosphotransferase activator
  A EC 2.7.11.31 {[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase} activators
  A STK29 activators
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase activator
  A ATP:[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] phosphotransferase activators
  A reductase kinase activators
  A AMP-activated protein kinase activator
  A EC 2.7.11.31 activators
  A EC 2.7.11.31 activator
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase (phosphorylating) activators
  A 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase activator
  A HMG-CoA reductase kinase activators
  A beta-hydroxy-beta-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase activator
  A [hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH2)] kinase activators
  A [hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase activators
  A 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase activator
  A HMG-CoA reductase kinase activator
  A AMPK activator
  A STK29 activator
  A EC 2.7.11.31 {[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase} activator
  A 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase activators
  A [hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH2)] kinase activator
  A beta-hydroxy-beta-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase activators
  A EC 2.7.11.31 ([hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase) activators
  A AMP-activated protein kinase activators
obo:CHEBI_48668
  A gamma secretase modulators
  A Gamma-secretase modulators
  A gamma-secretase modulator
  A Gamma-secretase modulator
  A gamma-secretase modulators
  A gamma secretase modulator
obo:CHEBI_90374
  A histone acetyltransferase activators
  A HAT activators
  A HAT activator
  A histone acetyltransferase activator
obo:CHEBI_78606
  A Hsp70 activators
  A Hsp70 inducer
  A Hsp70 inducers
  A heat shock protein 70 activator
  A Hsp70 activator
  A heat shock protein 70 inducer
  A heat shock protein 70 activators
  A heat shock protein 70 inducers
obo:CHEBI_73966
  A nitric oxide synthase activators
  A NOS activators
  A NOS activator
  A nitric oxide synthase activator
obo:CHEBI_76022
  A soluble guanylate cyclase activators
  A sGC activators
  A soluble guanylyl cyclase activator
  A soluble guanylyl cyclase activators
  A sGC activator
  A soluble guanylate cyclase activator
obo:CHEBI_77324
  A UDP-glucuronosyltransferase activators
  A UDP-glucuronosyltransferase activator
obo:CHEBI_91189
  A VEGF activators
  A VEGF inducers
  A vascular endothelial growth factor inducers
  A vascular endothelial growth factor activator
  A vascular endothelial growth factor activators
  A vascular endothelial growth factor inducer
  A VEGF activator
  A VEGF inducer
obo:CHEBI_131492
  A Wnt signalling activators
  A Wnt signaling activators
  A Wnt signaling activator
  A Wnt signalling activator
obo:CHEBI_60788
  A affinity labels
  A affinity label
obo:CHEBI_76725
  A oxidoreductase (EC 1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.* (oxidoreductase) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase (EC 1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.* (oxidoreductase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_71300
  A EC 2.* inhibitors
  A EC 2 inhibitor
  A EC 2 inhibitors
  A EC 2.* (transferase) inhibitor
  A transferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.* (transferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.* inhibitor
  A transferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76759
  A EC 3.*.*.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.* inhibitors
  A hydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.* (hydrolase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.* (hydrolase) inhibitor
  A hydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.*.*.* inhibitors
  A hydrolase (EC 3.*) inhibitors
  A hydrolase (EC 3.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76710
  A EC 4.* inhibitors
  A EC 4.* (lyase) inhibitor
  A lyase (EC 4.*) inhibitorS
  A lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.*.*.* inhibitor
  A lyase (EC 4.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.*.*.* inhibitors
  A EC 4.* inhibitor
  A EC 4.* (lyase) inhibitors
  A lyase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_75596
  A EC 5.* inhibitor
  A isomerase (EC 5.*) inhibitor
  A isomerase (EC 5.*) inhibitors
  A EC 5.* (isomerase) inhibitors
  A EC 5.* (isomerase) inhibitor
  A EC 5.*.*.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.* inhibitors
  A isomerase inhibitor
  A isomerase inhibitors
  A EC 5.*.*.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_75603
  A ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.* (ligase) inhibitors
  A EC 6.*.*.* inhibitor
  A ligase inhibitor
  A EC 6.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.* (ligase) inhibitor
  A EC 6.* inhibitors
  A EC 6.*.*.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_137694
  A ROCK inhibitor
  A H-1152 dihydrochloride
obo:CHEBI_76932
  A pathway inhibitors
  A metabolic pathway inhibitors
  A metabolic pathway inhibitor
  A pathway inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76726
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-OH group of donors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-OH group of donor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-OH group of donor
  A EC 1.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group (EC 1.1.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group (EC 1.1.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-OH group of donors
  A EC 1.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76737
  A EC 1.10.* (oxidoreductases acting on diphenols and related substances as donors) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of an oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donor
  A EC 1.10.* inhibitors
  A inhibitor of an oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donor (EC 1.10.*)
  A inhibitors of an oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors
  A inhibitors of an oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donor (EC 1.10.*)
  A EC 1.10.* (oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of an oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donor
  A inhibitor of an oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors
  A EC 1.10.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.* (oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.* (oxidoreductases acting on diphenols and related substances as donors) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76738
  A EC 1.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on peroxide as donors) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductases acting on peroxide as donors (EC 1.11.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductases acting on peroxide as donors (EC 1.11.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on peroxide as donors (EC 1.11.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.* (oxidoreductases acting on peroxide as donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on peroxide as donors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.* (oxidoreductases acting on peroxide as donors) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on peroxide as donors (EC 1.11.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76739
  A EC 1.12.* (oxidoreductase acting on hydrogen as donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.12.* (oxidoreductases acting on hydrogen as donors) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on hydrogen as donors inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on hydrogen as donors
  A EC 1.12.* inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on hydrogen as donors
  A oxidoreductase acting on hydrogen as donors inhibitors
  A EC 1.12.* (oxidoreductases acting on hydrogen as donors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.12.* (oxidoreductase acting on hydrogen as donors) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on hydrogen as donors (EC 1.12.*)
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on hydrogen as donors (EC 1.12.*)
  A EC 1.12.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76740
  A EC 1.13.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on single donors with incorporation of molecular oxygen (oxygenases) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on single donors with incorporation of molecular oxygen (oxygenases) (EC 1.13.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.* [oxidoreductase acting on single donors with incorporation of molecular oxygen (oxygenases)] inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on single donors with incorporation of molecular oxygen (oxygenases) (EC 1.13.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on single donors with incorporation of molecular oxygen (oxygenases) inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.* [oxidoreductase acting on single donors with incorporation of molecular oxygen (oxygenases)] inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76741
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen (EC 1.14.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen (EC 1.14.*)
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductases acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen (EC 1.14.*)
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductases acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen (EC 1.14.*)
  A EC 1.14.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen (EC 1.14.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen (EC 1.14.*)
  A EC 1.14.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76742
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor (EC 1.15.*)
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor
  A EC 1.15.* (oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.15.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor (EC 1.15.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.15.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor (EC 1.15.*)
  A oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor (EC 1.15.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor inhibitor
  A EC 1.15.* (oxidoreductase acting on superoxide as acceptor) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76743
  A EC 1.16.* (oxidoreductase oxidizing metal ions) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase oxidizing metal ions (EC 1.16.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.16.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase oxidising metal ions inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase oxidizing metal ions (EC 1.16.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.16.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.16.* (oxidoreductase oxidising metal ions) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase oxidising metal ions (EC 1.16.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase oxidising metal ions inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase oxidising metal ions (EC 1.16.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.16.* (oxidoreductase oxidising metal ions) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase oxidizing metal ions inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase oxidizing metal ions inhibitor
  A EC 1.16.* (oxidoreductase oxidizing metal ions) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76744
  A EC 1.17.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 (EC 1.17.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 inhibitors
  A EC 1.17.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 (EC 1.17.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76745
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on iron-sulfur proteins as donors
  A EC 1.18.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on iron-sulfur proteins as donors (EC 1.18.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on iron-sulfur proteins as donors (EC 1.18.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductases acting on iron-sulfur proteins as donors
  A EC 1.18.* (oxidoreductase acting on iron-sulfur proteins as donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.18.* (oxidoreductase acting on iron-sulfur proteins as donors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.18.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on Fe-S proteins as donors (EC 1.18.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.18.* (oxidoreductase acting on Fe-S proteins as donors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.18.* (oxidoreductase acting on Fe-S proteins as donors) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on Fe-S proteins as donors (EC 1.18.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on Fe-S proteins as donors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on Fe-S proteins as donors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on iron-sulfur proteins as donors
obo:CHEBI_76746
  A EC 1.19.* (oxidoreductase acting on reduced flavodoxin as donor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on reduced flavodoxin as donor (EC 1.19.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on reduced flavodoxin as donor
  A EC 1.19.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.19.* (oxidoreductase acting on reduced flavodoxin as donor) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on reduced flavodoxin as donor (EC 1.19.*)
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on reduced flavodoxin as donor
  A EC 1.19.* inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on reduced flavodoxin as donor (EC 1.19.*)
  A oxidoreductase acting on reduced flavodoxin as donor (EC 1.19.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76727
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on aldehyde/oxo group of donors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on aldehyde/oxo group of donor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde or oxo group) inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde or oxo group (EC 1.2.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on aldehyde or oxo group of donors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on aldehyde or oxo group of donor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group (EC 1.2.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on aldehyde/oxo group of donor
  A EC 1.2.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde or oxo group) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde or oxo group inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde or oxo group inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on aldehyde/oxo group of donors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group (EC 1.2.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde or oxo group (EC 1.2.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on aldehyde or oxo group of donors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on aldehyde or oxo group of donor
  A EC 1.2.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76747
  A oxidoreductase acting on P or As in donors (EC 1.20.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on P or As in donors (EC 1.20.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.20.* (oxidoreductase acting on phosphorus or arsenic in donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.20.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on phosphorus or arsenic in donors (EC 1.20.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.20.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.20.* (oxidoreductase acting on P or As in donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.20.* (oxidoreductase acting on P or As in donors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.20.* (oxidoreductase acting on phosphorus or arsenic in donors) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on phosphorus or arsenic in donors (EC 1.20.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76748
  A oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond (EC 1.21.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.21.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.21.* (oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond (EC 1.21.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.21.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond inhibitor
  A EC 1.21.* (oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76750
  A EC 1.22* (oxidoreductase acting on halogen in donors) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on halogen in donors (EC 1.22.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on halogen in donors (EC 1.22.*)
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on halogen in donors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on halogen in donors
  A oxidoreductase acting on halogen in donors (EC 1.22.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.22* (oxidoreductase acting on halogen in donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.22.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on halogen in donors (EC 1.22.*)
  A EC 1.22.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76752
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor (EC 1.23.*)
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor
  A EC 1.23.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor (EC 1.23.*)
  A EC 1.23.* (oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor
  A oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor inhibitor
  A EC 1.23.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor (EC 1.23.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor (EC 1.23.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.23.* (oxidoreductase acting on C-O-C group as acceptor) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76729
  A EC 1.3.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group (EC 1.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donors
  A EC 1.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group (EC 1.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.* inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76730
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH2 group of donor inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH2 group of donor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH2 group of donor
  A EC 1.4.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH2 group of donors (EC 1.4.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH2 group of donors (EC 1.4.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH2 group of donors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH2 group of donors
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH2 group of donor inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76731
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH group of donors
  A EC 1.5.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH group (EC 1.5.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.5.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH group of donor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH group of donors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-NH group of donor
  A EC 1.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH group) inhibitor
  A EC 1.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH group) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH group (EC 1.5.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76733
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH
  A oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH (EC 1.6.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.* (oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH (EC 1.6.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH (EC 1.6.*)
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH
  A EC 1.6.* (oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH (EC 1.6.*)
  A oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76734
  A EC 1.7.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on other nitrogenous compounds as donors (EC 1.7.*)
  A EC 1.7.* (oxidoreductase acting on other nitrogenous compounds as donors) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on other nitrogenous compounds as donors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on other nitrogenous compounds as donors
  A EC 1.7.* inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on other nitrogenous compounds as donors (EC 1.7.*)
  A EC 1.7.* (oxidoreductase acting on other nitrogenous compounds as donors) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76735
  A EC 1.8.* (oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group of donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.* (oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group of donors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on a sulfur group of donors (EC 1.8.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on a sulfur group of donors (EC 1.8.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76736
  A EC 1.9.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor heme group) inhibitors
  A EC 1.9.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on a heme group of donors (EC 1.9.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.9.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor heme group) inhibitor
  A EC 1.9.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.9.* (oxidoreductase acting on a heme group of donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.9.* (oxidoreductase acting on a heme group of donors) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on a heme group of donors (EC 1.9.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76753
  A EC 1.97.* (miscellaneous oxidoreductase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.97.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.97.* (other oxidoreductase) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of miscellaneous oxidoreductase (EC 1.97.*)
  A inhibitors of 'other' oxidoreductase (EC 1.97.*)
  A EC 1.97.* (miscellaneous oxidoreductase) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of 'other' oxidoreductase (EC 1.97.*)
  A EC 1.97.* (other oxidoreductase) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of miscellaneous oxidoreductase (EC 1.97.*)
  A EC 1.97.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76755
  A inhibitors of enzymes using H2 as reductant (EC 1.98.*)
  A EC 1.98.* (enzymes using H2 as reductant) inhibitors
  A EC 1.98.* (enzymes using H2 as reductant) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of enzymes using H2 as reductant (EC 1.98.*)
  A EC 1.98.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.98.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76757
  A EC 1.99.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.99.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.99.* (other oxidoreductases using O2 as oxidant) inhibitors
  A EC 1.99.* (other oxidoreductases using O2 as oxidant) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76835
  A EC 1.1.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+)acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) acceptor (EC 1.1.1.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) acceptor (EC 1.1.1.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76836
  A EC 1.1.3.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.1.3.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.1.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.3.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_91142
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, quinone or simliar compound as acceptor (EC 1.1.5.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, quinone or simliar compound as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.5.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.5.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, quinone or simliar compound as acceptor (EC 1.1.5.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-OH group, quinone or similar compound as acceptor) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50269
  A aliphatic alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A alcohol dehydrogenase (NAD) inhibitor
  A aldehyde reductase inhibitor
  A alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A NADH-aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A ADH inhibitor
  A NAD-specific aromatic alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A yeast alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A alcohol dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.1) inhibitor
  A NAD-dependent alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A aliphatic alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.1 (alcohol dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A NAD-dependent alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A alcohol dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.1) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.1 inhibitors
  A alcohol:NAD+ oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A primary alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A ethanol dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A aldehyde reductase inhibitors
  A ethanol dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A alcohol:NAD+ oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NAD-specific aromatic alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A ADH inhibitors
  A NADH-aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A NADH-alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.1 (alcohol dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A alcohol dehydrogenase (NAD) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.1 inhibitor
  A yeast alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A primary alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A NADH-alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77108
  A 11alpha,15-dihydroxy-9-oxoprost-13-enoate:NAD(+) 15-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.141 [15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitors
  A 15-hydroxyprostanoic dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 15-hydroxyprostanoic dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (NAD(+)) (EC 1.1.1.141) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.141 inhibitors
  A prostaglandin dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A NAD(+)-dependent 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (type I) inhibitor
  A PGDH inhibitor
  A 11alpha,15-dihydroxy-9-oxoprost-13-enoate:NAD(+) 15-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (NAD(+)) (EC 1.1.1.141) inhibitor
  A PGDH inhibitors
  A 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (NAD(+)) inhibitors
  A (5Z,13E)-(15S)-11alpha,15-dihydroxy-9-oxoprost-13-enoate:NAD(+) 15-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A (5Z,13E,15S)-11alpha,15-dihydroxy-9-oxoprost-5,13-dienoate:NAD(+) 15-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A 15-OH-PGDH inhibitor
  A prostaglandin dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A NAD(+)-dependent 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (type I) inhibitors
  A (5Z,13E,15S)-11alpha,15-dihydroxy-9-oxoprost-5,13-dienoate:NAD(+) 15-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.141 [15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor
  A NAD-specific 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (NAD(+)) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.141 inhibitor
  A (5Z,13E)-(15S)-11alpha,15-dihydroxy-9-oxoprost-13-enoate:NAD(+) 15-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A 15-OH-PGDH inhibitors
  A NAD-specific 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_137626
  A corticosteroid 11-reductase inhibitors
  A 11beta-hydroxysteroid:NADP(+) 11-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A dehydrogenase, 11beta-hydroxy steroid inhibitors
  A 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A dehydrogenase, 11beta-hydroxy steroid inhibitor
  A beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.146 inhibitors
  A 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A corticosteroid 11beta-dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 11beta-hydroxysteroid:NADP(+) 11-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.146 (11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A corticosteroid 11-reductase inhibitor
  A 11beta-hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.146 (11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A 11beta-hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 inhibitors
  A corticosteroid 11beta-dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.146 inhibitor
  A 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_74234
  A sepiapterin reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.153 [sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming)] inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.153 (sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming)) inhibitor
  A 7,8-dihydrobiopterin:NADP(+) oxidoreductases
  A sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming) (EC 1.1.1.153) inhibitors
  A sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming) inhibitors
  A sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming) (EC 1.1.1.153) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.153 (sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming)) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.153 [sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming)] inhibitor
  A L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin:NADP(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming) inhibitor
  A sepiapterin reductase inhibitor
  A L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin:NADP(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A 7,8-dihydrobiopterin:NADP(+) oxidoreductase
obo:CHEBI_90113
  A 3beta-hydroxy-4beta-methylcholestenoate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A sterol 4alpha-carboxylic decarboxylase inhibitors
  A 3beta-hydroxy-4beta-methylcholestenoate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 3beta-hydroxy-4alpha-methylcholestenecarboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.170 inhibitor
  A sterol-4alpha-carboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.170 inhibitors
  A 3beta-hydroxysteroid-4alpha-carboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) (EC 1.1.1.170) inhibitors
  A 3beta-hydroxy-4beta-methylcholestenecarboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.170 [3beta-hydroxysteroid-4alpha-carboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating)] inhibitors
  A sterol 4alpha-carboxylic decarboxylase inhibitor
  A 3beta-hydroxysteroid-4alpha-carboxylate:NAD(P)(+) 3-oxidoreductase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.170 [3beta-hydroxysteroid-4alpha-carboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating)] inhibitor
  A 3beta-hydroxysteroid-4alpha-carboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A 3beta-hydroxy-4alpha-methylcholestenecarboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A 3beta-hydroxy-4beta-methylcholestenecarboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A 3beta-hydroxysteroid-4alpha-carboxylate:NAD(P)(+) 3-oxidoreductase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A 3beta-hydroxysteroid-4alpha-carboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A sterol-4alpha-carboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A 3beta-hydroxysteroid-4alpha-carboxylate 3-dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) (EC 1.1.1.170) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73136
  A nonspecific NADPH-dependent carbonyl reductase inhibitors
  A aldehyde reductase 1 inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.184 (carbonyl reductase (NADPH)) inhibitors
  A NADPH2-dependent carbonyl reductase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin 9-ketoreductase inhibitor
  A ALR3 inhibitors
  A carbonyl reductase (NADPH) inhibitor
  A carbonyl reductase (NADPH2) inhibitors
  A ALR3 inhibitor
  A carbonyl reductase inhibitors
  A secondary-alcohol:NADP+ oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A secondary-alcohol:NADP+ oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A carbonyl reductase (NADPH2) inhibitor
  A NADPH2-dependent carbonyl reductase inhibitor
  A carbonyl reductase (NADPH) inhibitors
  A carbonyl reductase (NADPH) (EC 1.1.1.184) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.184 [carbonyl reductase (NADPH)] inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.184 inhibitor
  A prostaglandin 9-ketoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.184 (carbonyl reductase (NADPH)) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.184 inhibitors
  A aldehyde reductase 1 inhibitor
  A carbonyl reductase (NADPH) (EC 1.1.1.184) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.184 [carbonyl reductase (NADPH)] inhibitors
  A xenobiotic ketone reductase inhibitors
  A nonspecific NADPH-dependent carbonyl reductase inhibitor
  A xenobiotic ketone reductase inhibitor
  A carbonyl reductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77425
  A (5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,11alpha,15-trihydroxyprosta-5,13-dienoate:NADP(+) 11-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin 11-keto reductase inhibitor
  A prostaglandin 11-ketoreductase inhibitors
  A PGD2 11-ketoreductase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin 11-ketoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.188 (prostaglandin-F synthase) inhibitor
  A PGD2 11-ketoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.188 inhibitors
  A prostaglandin F synthase inhibitor
  A prostaglandin-D2 11-reductase inhibitors
  A synthetase, prostaglandin F2alpha inhibitors
  A prostaglandin D2-ketoreductase inhibitor
  A prostaglandin F synthetase inhibitors
  A PGF synthetase inhibitor
  A prostaglandin-D2 11-reductase inhibitor
  A NADPH-dependent prostaglandin D2 11-keto reductase inhibitors
  A PGF2alpha synthetase inhibitor
  A prostaglandin 11-keto reductase inhibitors
  A synthetase, prostaglandin F2alpha inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.188 inhibitor
  A prostaglandin D2-ketoreductase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin F synthetase inhibitor
  A reductase, 15-hydroxy-11-oxoprostaglandin inhibitors
  A reductase, 15-hydroxy-11-oxoprostaglandin inhibitor
  A PGF2alpha synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.188 (prostaglandin-F synthase) inhibitors
  A NADPH-dependent prostaglandin D2 11-keto reductase inhibitor
  A prostaglandin F synthase inhibitors
  A PGF synthetase inhibitors
  A (5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,11alpha,15-trihydroxyprosta-5,13-dienoate:NADP(+) 11-oxidoreductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77119
  A PGE2-9-ketoreductase inhibitors
  A reductase, 15-hydroxy-9-oxoprostaglandin inhibitor
  A prostaglandin 9-ketoreductase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin-E2 9-reductase (EC 1.1.1.189) inhibitors
  A prostaglandin E 9-ketoreductase inhibitor
  A 9-ketoprostaglandin reductase inhibitor
  A 9-keto-prostaglandin E2 reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.189 inhibitors
  A PGE2-9-ketoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.189 (prostaglandin-E2 9-reductase) inhibitors
  A PGE-9-ketoreductase inhibitor
  A PGE2 9-oxoreductase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin 9-ketoreductase inhibitor
  A PGE2-9-OR inhibitors
  A prostaglandin E2-9-oxoreductase inhibitor
  A (5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,11alpha,15-trihydroxyprosta-5,13-dienoate:NADP(+) 9-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.189 (prostaglandin-E2 9-reductase) inhibitor
  A PGE2-9-OR inhibitor
  A (5Z,13E)-(15S)-9alpha,11alpha,15-trihydroxyprosta-5,13-dienoate:NADP(+) 9-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.189 inhibitor
  A reductase, 15-hydroxy-9-oxoprostaglandin inhibitors
  A prostaglandin-E2 9-reductase (EC 1.1.1.189) inhibitor
  A prostaglandin E2-9-oxoreductase inhibitors
  A 9-ketoprostaglandin reductase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin E 9-ketoreductase inhibitors
  A 9-keto-prostaglandin E2 reductase inhibitors
  A PGE2 9-oxoreductase inhibitor
  A PGE-9-ketoreductase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_53746
  A IMP:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.205 (IMP dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.205 inhibitors
  A IMP dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.205 inhibitor
  A inosinate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A inosine monophosphate oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A IMP dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.205) inhibitor
  A inosine 5'-monophosphate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A inosine monophosphate oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.205 (IMP dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A IMP oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A inosinate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A IMP oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A IMP dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A IMP dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.205) inhibitors
  A inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A inosinic acid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A inosinic acid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A IMP:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_48550
  A alditol:NADP oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A polyol dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) inhibitor
  A aldose reductase inhibitor
  A alditol:NAD(P)(+) 1-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.21 inhibitor
  A alditol:NAD(P)(+) 1-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A aldehyde reductase (EC 1.1.1.21) inhibitor
  A aldehyde reductase (EC 1.1.1.21) inhibitors
  A aldehyde reductase inhibitors
  A polyol dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor
  A aldehyde reductase inhibitor
  A NADPH-aldopentose reductase inhibitor
  A ALR2 inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitors
  A aldose reductase inhibitors
  A NADPH-aldose reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.21 inhibitors
  A alditol:NADP(+) 1-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NADPH-aldose reductase inhibitors
  A alditol:NADP(+) 1-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A alditol:NADP oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A ALR2 inhibitor
  A NADPH-aldopentose reductase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50788
  A 3beta,20alpha-hydroxysteroid oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.210 [3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase] inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.210 inhibitor
  A 3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid:NADP(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A 3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid:NADP(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.210 (3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.210 (3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A dehydrogenase, 3beta,20alpha-hydroxy steroid inhibitors
  A 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase
  A 3beta (or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.210) inhibitor
  A progesterone reductase inhibitor
  A 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 3beta (or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 3beta,20alpha-hydroxysteroid oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A progesterone reductase inhibitors
  A dehydrogenase, 3beta,20alpha-hydroxy steroid inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.210 inhibitors
  A 3beta-HSD
  A 3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.210) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.210 [3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase] inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77484
  A EC 1.1.1.25 inhibitors
  A shikimate:NADP(+) 3-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A AroE inhibitors
  A dehydroshikimic reductase inhibitor
  A 5-dehydroshikimate reductase inhibitors
  A shikimate:NADP(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A 5-dehydroshikimic reductase inhibitors
  A DHS reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.25 inhibitor
  A DHS reductase inhibitor
  A AroE inhibitor
  A shikimate 5-dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A dehydroshikimic reductase inhibitors
  A 5-dehydroshikimic reductase inhibitor
  A shikimate:NADP(+) 3-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A shikimate oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A shikimate:NADP(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A shikimate:NADP(+) 5-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A shikimate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A shikimate dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.25) inhibitor
  A 5-dehydroshikimate reductase inhibitor
  A shikimate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.25 (shikimate dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A shikimate oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.25 (shikimate dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A shikimate dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.25) inhibitors
  A shikimate:NADP(+) 5-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A shikimate 5-dehydrogenase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77654
  A DXP-reductoisomerase inhibitor
  A 1-deoxyxylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase inhibitor
  A 2C-methyl-D-erythritol-4-phosphate (MEP) synthase inhibitor
  A 1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase (EC 1.1.1.267) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.267 inhibitors
  A 1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase (EC 1.1.1.267) inhibitors
  A 2C-methyl-D-erythritol-4-phosphate (MEP) synthase inhibitors
  A 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol-4-phosphate:NADP(+) oxidoreductase (isomerizing) inhibitors
  A 1-deoxyxylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase inhibitors
  A 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol-4-phosphate:NADP(+) oxidoreductase (isomerising) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.267 (1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.267 inhibitor
  A 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol-4-phosphate:NADP(+) oxidoreductase (isomerising) inhibitors
  A 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol-4-phosphate:NADP(+) oxidoreductase (isomerizing) inhibitor
  A 1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase inhibitor
  A DXP-reductoisomerase inhibitors
  A 1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate isomeroreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.267 (1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase) inhibitors
  A 1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase inhibitors
  A 1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate isomeroreductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_35664
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase inhibitors
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase inhibitor
  A HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors
  A HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_74520
  A NADP(+)-dependent decarboxylating phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.44) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.1.44 inhibitor
  A 6-phosphogluconic dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (NADP+ -dependent, decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A phosphogluconic acid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (NADP+ -dependent, decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A 6-phospho-D-gluconate:NADP+ 2-oxidoreductase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A 6-phospho-D-gluconate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.44 (NADP(+)-dependent decarboxylating phosphogluconate dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A 6-phosphogluconic dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A NADP(+)-dependent decarboxylating phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.44) inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.44 inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.1.44 (NADP(+)-dependent decarboxylating phosphogluconate dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A 6-phosphogluconic carboxylase inhibitors
  A phosphogluconic acid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A 6-phospho-D-gluconate:NADP+ 2-oxidoreductase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A 6-phospho-D-gluconate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 6-phosphogluconic carboxylase inhibitor
  A NADP(+)-dependent decarboxylating phosphogluconate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A NADP(+)-dependent decarboxylating phosphogluconate dehydrogenase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63156
  A alcohol oxidase inhibitor
  A alcohol:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.3.13 inhibitor
  A alcohol oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.3.13 (alcohol oxidase) inhibitor
  A ethanol oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.3.13 (alcohol oxidase) inhibitors
  A alcohol oxidase (EC 1.1.3.13) inhibitor
  A ethanol oxidase inhibitor
  A alcohol:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.3.13 inhibitors
  A alcohol oxidase (EC 1.1.3.13) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76920
  A galactose oxidase inhibitors
  A beta-galactose oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.3.9 inhibitors
  A EC 1.1.3.9 (galactose oxidase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.3.9 inhibitor
  A D-galactose:oxygen 6-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A D-galactose oxidase inhibitors
  A galactose oxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.3.9 (galactose oxidase) inhibitors
  A D-galactose:oxygen 6-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A D-galactose oxidase inhibitor
  A beta-galactose oxidase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_91141
  A EC 1.1.5.3 (glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.5.3 (glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.5.3 inhibitor
  A EC 1.1.5.3 inhibitors
  A glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77105
  A inhibitors of an oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors with a cytochrome as acceptor (EC 1.10.2.*)
  A EC 1.10.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.2.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of an oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors with a cytochrome as acceptor (EC 1.10.2.*)
  A EC 1.10.2.* (oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors with a cytochrome as acceptor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors with a cytochrome as acceptor (EC 1.10.2.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.2.* (oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors with a cytochrome as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors with a cytochrome as acceptor (EC 1.10.2.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_85048
  A EC 1.10.3.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.3.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on diphenols and related substances as donors with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77019
  A EC 1.10.99.* (oxidoreductases acting on diphenols and related substances as donors, other acceptors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.99.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductases acting on diphenols and related substances as donors, other acceptors (EC 1.10.99.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductases acting on diphenols and related substances as donors, other acceptors (EC 1.10.99.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.99.* (oxidoreductases acting on diphenols and related substances as donors, other acceptors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.99.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77106
  A EC 1.10.2.2 inhibitors
  A inhibitor of quinol--cytochrome-c reductase (EC 1.10.2.2)
  A EC 1.10.2.2 inhibitor
  A quinol--cytochrome-c reductase (EC 1.10.2.2) inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.2.2 (quinol--cytochrome-c reductase) inhibitors
  A quinol--cytochrome-c reductase (EC 1.10.2.2) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.2.2 (quinol--cytochrome-c reductase) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of quinol--cytochrome-c reductase (EC 1.10.2.2)
obo:CHEBI_85049
  A 1,2-benzenediol:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A catecholase inhibitors
  A Dopa oxidase inhibitor
  A phenolase inhibitor
  A diphenol oxidase inhibitors
  A pyrocatechol oxidase inhibitor
  A o-diphenolase inhibitor
  A o-diphenol oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A Dopa oxidase inhibitors
  A polyphenol oxidase inhibitors
  A polyphenol oxidase inhibitor
  A phenolase inhibitors
  A o-diphenol:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A o-diphenolase inhibitors
  A catecholase inhibitor
  A catechol oxidase (EC 1.10.3.1) inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.3.1 inhibitor
  A o-diphenol oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A 1,2-benzenediol:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A tyrosinase inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.3.1 (catechol oxidase) inhibitor
  A catechol oxidase inhibitor
  A catechol oxidase inhibitors
  A diphenol oxidase inhibitor
  A pyrocatechol oxidase inhibitors
  A catechol oxidase (EC 1.10.3.1) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.3.1 (catechol oxidase) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.3.1 inhibitors
  A tyrosinase inhibitor
  A o-diphenol:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_85050
  A laccase (EC 1.10.3.2) inhibitor
  A p-diphenol oxidase inhibitors
  A urushiol oxidase inhibitors
  A laccase inhibitor
  A benzenediol:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.3.2 inhibitor
  A urishiol oxidase inhibitor
  A p-diphenol oxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.3.2 (laccase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.3.2 inhibitors
  A urushiol oxidase inhibitor
  A urishiol oxidase inhibitors
  A benzenediol:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A laccase (EC 1.10.3.2) inhibitors
  A laccase inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.3.2 (laccase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77020
  A NRH:quinone oxidoreductase 2 inhibitor
  A ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone) (EC 1.10.99.2) inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase2 inhibitor
  A NQO2 inhibitors
  A 1-(beta-D-ribofuranosyl)-1,4-dihydronicotinamide:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase-2 inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.99.2 [ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.99.2 [ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.99.2 (ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)) inhibitor
  A ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone) (EC 1.10.99.2) inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase-2 inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.99.2 inhibitor
  A EC 1.10.99.2 inhibitors
  A QR2 inhibitors
  A N-ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone) inhibitors
  A EC 1.10.99.2 (ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)) inhibitors
  A 1-(beta-D-ribofuranosyl)-1,4-dihydronicotinamide:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase2 inhibitors
  A N-ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone) inhibitor
  A quinone reductase 2 inhibitor
  A NRH:quinone oxidoreductase 2 inhibitors
  A NQO2 inhibitor
  A QR2 inhibitor
  A quinone reductase 2 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_75381
  A peroxidases inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.1.* (peroxidases) inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.1 inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.1.* (peroxidases) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of peroxidases
  A inhibitor of peroxidases
  A EC 1.11.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.1 inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.1.* (peroxidase) inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.1.* (peroxidase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_79092
  A EC 1.11.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.2.* (oxidoreductase with H2O2 as acceptor, incorporating 1 O atom into product) inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.2.* (oxidoreductase with H2O2 as acceptor, incorporating 1 O atom into product) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73181
  A L-ascorbic acid peroxidase inhibitor
  A L-ascorbate peroxidase inhibitors
  A L-ascorbate:hydrogen-peroxide oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A L-ascorbate peroxidase inhibitor
  A L-ascorbate peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.11) inhibitors
  A ascorbic acid peroxidase inhibitors
  A ascorbic acid peroxidase inhibitor
  A L-ascorbic acid-specific peroxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.1.11 inhibitor
  A L-ascorbate:hydrogen-peroxide oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A ascorbate peroxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.1.11 inhibitors
  A ascorbate peroxidase inhibitors
  A L-ascorbate peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.11) inhibitor
  A L-ascorbic acid peroxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.1.11 (L-ascorbate peroxidase) inhibitors
  A L-ascorbic acid-specific peroxidase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_75380
  A hydrogen-peroxide:hydrogen-peroxide oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A equilase inhibitors
  A equilase inhibitor
  A hydrogen-peroxide:hydrogen-peroxide oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A catalase inhibitors
  A catalase-peroxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.1.6 inhibitors
  A optidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.1.6 inhibitor
  A caperase inhibitors
  A CAT inhibitor
  A catalase (EC 1.11.1.6) inhibitors
  A optidase inhibitors
  A catalase (EC 1.11.1.6) inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.1.6 (catalase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.1.6 (catalase) inhibitors
  A caperase inhibitor
  A catalase-peroxidase inhibitors
  A CAT inhibitors
  A catalase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_79093
  A myeloperoxidase (EC 1.11.2.2) inhibitor
  A verdoperoxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.2.2 (myeloperoxidase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.2.2 inhibitor
  A myeloperoxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.11.2.2 inhibitors
  A MPO inhibitor
  A chloride:hydrogen-peroxide oxidoreductase (hypochlorite-forming) inhibitors
  A EC 1.11.2.2 (myeloperoxidase) inhibitors
  A chloride:hydrogen-peroxide oxidoreductase (hypochlorite-forming) inhibitor
  A verdoperoxidase inhibitors
  A MPO inhibitors
  A myeloperoxidase inhibitors
  A myeloperoxidase (EC 1.11.2.2) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76837
  A EC 1.13.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on single donors and incorporating 2 O atoms) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on single donors and incorporating 2 atoms of oxygen (EC 1.13.11.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on single donors and incorporating 2 O atoms) inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on single donors and incorporating 2 atoms of oxygen) inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on single donors and incorporating 2 atoms of oxygen (EC 1.13.11.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on single donors and incorporating 2 atoms of oxygen) inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_131961
  A TDO inhibitor
  A TDO inhibitors
  A L-tryptophan:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclizing) inhibitors
  A tryptamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A tryptophan oxygenase inhibitors
  A tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.11) inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.11 inhibitors
  A tryptophan peroxidase inhibitor
  A indolamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A tryptophan oxygenase inhibitor
  A L-tryptophan pyrrolase inhibitors
  A tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A indolamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A L-tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A tryptamin 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.11 (tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitor
  A tryptophanase inhibitor
  A tryptamin 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A L-tryptophan:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (ring-opening) inhibitor
  A tryptophan pyrrolase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.11 inhibitor
  A tryptophan pyrrolase inhibitor
  A L-tryptophan:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (ring-opening) inhibitors
  A tryptophan peroxidase inhibitors
  A indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A L-tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A L-tryptophan:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclizing) inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.11 (tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitors
  A tryptophanase inhibitors
  A tryptamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A L-tryptophan pyrrolase inhibitor
  A tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.11) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_85051
  A quercetin:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (ring-opening) inhibitor
  A quercetin:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclising) inhibitors
  A quercetin:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclising) inhibitor
  A quercetin:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (ring-opening) inhibitors
  A quercetin 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.24 (quercetin 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitors
  A quercetin 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A flavonol 2,4-oxygenase inhibitors
  A quercetin:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclizing) inhibitors
  A quercetinase inhibitors
  A quercetin 2,3-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.24) inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.24 inhibitors
  A quercetin 2,3-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.24) inhibitor
  A quercetin:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclizing) inhibitor
  A quercetinase inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.24 inhibitor
  A flavonol 2,4-oxygenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.24 (quercetin 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38317
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate hydroxylase inhibitor
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvate oxidase inhibitor
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvate hydroxylase inhibitors
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate:oxygen oxidoreductase (hydroxylating, decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate hydroxylase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid dioxygenase inhibitors
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate:oxygen oxidoreductase (hydroxylating, decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.27 inhibitor
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvic oxidase inhibitors
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvate hydroxylase inhibitor
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid dioxygenase inhibitor
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvic hydroxylase inhibitors
  A HPPD inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitors
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase inhibitor
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase inhibitors
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase inhibitors
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid hydroxylase inhibitors
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.27) inhibitor
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.27) inhibitors
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvic hydroxylase inhibitor
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvic oxidase inhibitor
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase inhibitor
  A HPPD inhibitors
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvate oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.27 inhibitors
  A p-hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid hydroxylase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64964
  A 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A LTA synthase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitors
  A arachidonic 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A LTA synthase inhibitor
  A 5delta-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A leukotriene-A4 synthase inhibitor
  A arachidonic acid 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.34 inhibitors
  A arachidonic acid 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A 5-LOX inhibitors
  A leukotriene-A4 synthase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.34 inhibitor
  A leukotriene A4 synthase inhibitors
  A arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase (EC 1.13.11.34) inhibitors
  A C-5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A leukotriene A4 synthase inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor
  A arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A 5delta-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase (EC 1.13.11.34) inhibitor
  A delta(5)-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A 5-LOX inhibitor
  A arachidonic 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A C-5-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A delta(5)-lipoxygenase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_72854
  A indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.52 (indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.52 inhibitors
  A D-tryptophan:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclizing) inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.52 (indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitors
  A indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.52) inhibitors
  A IDO inhibitors
  A IDO inhibitor
  A D-tryptophan:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclizing) inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.52 inhibitor
  A indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.52) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_35856
  A lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A lipooxygenase inhibitor
  A lipoxygenase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64995
  A leukotriene A4 synthase inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.31 (arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase) inhibitor
  A 12S-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase (EC 1.13.11.31) inhibitor
  A C-5-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A C-5-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A 5delta-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A 12-LOX inhibitors
  A 5delta-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A LTA4 synthase inhibitors
  A 12-LOX inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.31 inhibitor
  A 12-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A delta(12)-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.31 inhibitors
  A LTA4 synthase inhibitor
  A 12S-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.31 (arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase) inhibitors
  A 12-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase (EC 1.13.11.31) inhibitors
  A arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A delta(12)-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A leukotriene A4 synthase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_64996
  A arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor
  A linoleic acid omega(6)-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase (EC 1.13.11.33) inhibitors
  A omega(6) lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A arachidonate:oxygen 15-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A 15-lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitors
  A 15-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A arachidonate:oxygen 15-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A omega(6) lipoxygenase inhibitor
  A linoleic acid omega(6)-lipoxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.13.11.33 inhibitors
  A 15-LOX inhibitor
  A EC 1.13.11.33 inhibitor
  A arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase (EC 1.13.11.33) inhibitor
  A 15-LOX inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76902
  A EC 1.14.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, incorporating 1 atom each of oxygen into both donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, incorporating 1 atom each of oxygen into both donors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, incorporating 1 atom each of oxygen into both donors (EC 1.14.11.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, incorporating 1 atom each of oxygen into both donors (EC 1.14.11.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, and incorporation of one atom each of oxygen into both donors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, and incorporation of one atom each of oxygen into both donors) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, and incorporation of one atom each of oxygen into both donors (EC 1.14.11.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.11.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, and incorporation of one atom each of oxygen into both donors (EC 1.14.11.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76841
  A EC 1.14.13.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen, with NADH or NADPH as one donor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen, with NADH or NADPH as one donor (EC 1.14.13.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen, with NADH or NADPH as one donor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen, with NADH or NADPH as one donor (EC 1.14.13.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_86430
  A EC 1.14.13.78 (ent-kaurene oxidase) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.78 inhibitor
  A ent-kaurene oxidase (EC 1.14.13.78) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.78 (ent-kaurene oxidase) inhibitor
  A ent-kaurene oxidase (EC 1.14.13.78) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.78 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76838
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation of 1 atom of oxygen, with reduced flavin or flavoprotein as one donor (EC 1.14.14.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.14.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.14.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation of 1 atom of oxygen, with reduced flavin or flavoprotein as one donor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.14.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, incorporating of 1 atom of oxygen, with reduced flavin or flavoprotein as one donor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.14.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation of 1 atom of oxygen, with reduced flavin or flavoprotein as one donor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.14.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, incorporating of 1 atom of oxygen, with reduced flavin or flavoprotein as one donor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation of 1 atom of oxygen, with reduced flavin or flavoprotein as one donor (EC 1.14.14.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.14.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76843
  A EC 1.14.15.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with reduced iron-sulfur protein as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.15.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.15.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.15.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with reduced Fe-S protein as one donor, incorporating 1 O atom) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with reduced iron-sulfur protein as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen (EC 1.14.15.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.15.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with reduced iron-sulfur protein as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with reduced iron-sulfur protein as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen (EC 1.14.15.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.15.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with reduced Fe-S protein as one donor, incorporating 1 O atom) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76847
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, reduced pteridine as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen (EC 1.14.16.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.16.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, reduced pteridine as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.16.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, reduced pteridine as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen (EC 1.14.16.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.16.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, reduced pteridine as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.16.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76845
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, miscellaneous compound as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen (EC 1.14.18.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.18.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, miscellaneous compound as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.18.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, miscellaneous compound as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen (EC 1.14.18.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.18.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, miscellaneous compound as one donor, incorporating 1 atom of oxygen) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.18.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76840
  A EC 1.14.99.* (miscellaneous oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen) inhibitors
  A miscellaneous oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen (EC 1.14.99.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.99.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.99.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.99.* (miscellaneous oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen) inhibitor
  A miscellaneous oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen (EC 1.14.99.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_131844
  A gamma-butyrobetaine hydroxylase inhibitor
  A butyrobetaine hydroxylase inhibitors
  A butyrobetaine hydroxylase inhibitor
  A alpha-butyrobetaine hydroxylase inhibitors
  A BBOX inhibitors
  A 4-trimethylammoniobutanoate,2-oxoglutarate:oxygen oxidoreductase (3-hydroxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.1 inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.1 (gamma-butyrobetaine dioxygenase) inhibitors
  A alpha-butyrobetaine hydroxylase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.1 inhibitors
  A BBOX inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.1 (gamma-butyrobetaine dioxygenase) inhibitor
  A 4-trimethylammoniobutanoate,2-oxoglutarate:oxygen oxidoreductase (3-hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A gamma-butyrobetaine hydroxylase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_132365
  A EC 1.14.11.2 inhibitors
  A prolyl hydroxylase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.11.2 (procollagen-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor
  A proline,2-oxoglutarate 4-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A proline protocollagen hydroxylase inhibitor
  A procollagen-proline 4-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A protocollagen proline hydroxylase inhibitor
  A prolylprotocollagen hydroxylase inhibitors
  A protocollagen proline dioxygenase inhibitors
  A proline protocollagen hydroxylase inhibitors
  A proline,2-oxoglutarate 4-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A proline, 2-oxoglutarate dioxygenase inhibitors
  A peptidyl proline hydroxylase inhibitor
  A protocollagen hydroxylase inhibitor
  A prolylprotocollagen hydroxylase inhibitor
  A prolyl-glycyl-peptide, 2-oxoglutarate:oxygen oxidoreductase, 4-hydroxylating inhibitors
  A protocollagen proline 4-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor
  A prolylprotocollagen dioxygenase inhibitor
  A prolylprotocollagen dioxygenase inhibitors
  A proline hydroxylase inhibitor
  A protocollagen proline hydroxylase inhibitors
  A procollagen-proline 4-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A procollagen-L-proline,2-oxoglutarate:oxygen oxidoreductase (4-hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A prolyl 4-hydroxylase inhibitor
  A collagen proline hydroxylase inhibitors
  A hydroxylase, collagen proline inhibitors
  A collagen proline hydroxylase inhibitor
  A protocollagen proline 4-hydroxylase inhibitor
  A procollagen-proline dioxygenase inhibitors
  A proline hydroxylase inhibitors
  A procollagen-proline,2-oxoglutarate-4-dioxygenase inhibitors
  A procollagen-proline dioxygenase (EC 1.14.11.2) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.2 (procollagen-proline dioxygenase) inhibitors
  A proline, 2-oxoglutarate dioxygenase inhibitor
  A peptidyl proline hydroxylase inhibitors
  A procollagen-proline dioxygenase inhibitor
  A procollagen-proline dioxygenase (EC 1.14.11.2) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.11.2 inhibitor
  A protocollagen proline dioxygenase inhibitor
  A protocollagen prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor
  A protocollagen hydroxylase inhibitors
  A protocollagen prolyl hydroxylase inhibitors
  A procollagen-proline,2-oxoglutarate-4-dioxygenase inhibitor
  A prolyl 4-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A procollagen-L-proline,2-oxoglutarate:oxygen oxidoreductase (4-hydroxylating) inhibitor
  A prolyl-glycyl-peptide, 2-oxoglutarate:oxygen oxidoreductase, 4-hydroxylating inhibitor
  A hydroxylase, collagen proline inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_102248
  A EC 1.14.11.29 (hypoxia-inducible factor-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.29 inhibitors
  A prolyl 4-hydroxylase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.11.29 inhibitor
  A HIF hydroxylase inhibitor
  A hypoxia-inducible factor-L-proline, 2-oxoglutarate:oxygen oxidoreductase (4-hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A prolyl 4-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.11.29 (hypoxia-inducible factor-proline dioxygenase) inhibitors
  A HIF hydroxylase inhibitors
  A hypoxia-inducible factor-L-proline, 2-oxoglutarate:oxygen oxidoreductase (4-hydroxylating) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_59285
  A squalene monooxygenase inhibitor
  A squalene-2,3-epoxide cyclase inhibitor
  A squalene 2,3-oxidocyclase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitors
  A squalene oxydocyclase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor
  A squalene epoxidase inhibitors
  A squalene oxydocyclase inhibitors
  A squalene 2,3-oxidocyclase inhibitor
  A squalene monooxygenase (EC 1.14.13.132) inhibitor
  A squalene monooxygenase (EC 1.14.13.132) inhibitors
  A squalene-2,3-epoxidase inhibitor
  A squalene epoxidase inhibitor
  A squalene hydroxylase inhibitor
  A squalene-2,3-epoxidase inhibitors
  A squalene-2,3-epoxide cyclase inhibitors
  A squalene hydroxylase inhibitors
  A squalene monooxygenase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77781
  A EC 1.14.13.181 inhibitors
  A DoxA inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.181 (13-deoxydaunorubicin hydroxylase) inhibitor
  A 13-deoxydaunorubicin hydroxylase (EC 1.14.13.181) inhibitor
  A 13-deoxydaunorubicin,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase (13-hydroxylating) inhibitor
  A 13-deoxydaunorubicin hydroxylase (EC 1.14.13.181) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.181 inhibitor
  A 13-deoxydaunorubicin hydroxylase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.181 (13-deoxydaunorubicin hydroxylase) inhibitors
  A DoxA inhibitor
  A 13-deoxydaunorubicin,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase (13-hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A 13-deoxydaunorubicin hydroxylase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_61908
  A NADPH-diaphorase inhibitors
  A nitric oxide synthase (EC 1.14.13.39) inhibitors
  A nitric-oxide synthetase inhibitors
  A nitric oxide synthase (EC 1.14.13.39) inhibitor
  A nitric oxide synthase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.39 inhibitor
  A endothelium-derived relaxation factor-forming enzyme inhibitors
  A NADPH-diaphorase inhibitor
  A endothelium-derived relaxation factor-forming enzyme inhibitor
  A NO synthase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.39 inhibitors
  A nitric-oxide synthetase inhibitor
  A nitric oxide synthetase inhibitor
  A nitric oxide synthetase inhibitors
  A endothelium-derived relaxing factor synthase inhibitors
  A endothelium-derived relaxing factor synthase inhibitor
  A nitric oxide synthase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitors
  A NO synthase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77783
  A quinine 3-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.67 inhibitors
  A quinine 3-monooxygenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.67 (quinine 3-monooxygenase) inhibitors
  A quinine 3-hydroxylase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.67 inhibitor
  A quinine,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A quinine 3-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.13.67) inhibitors
  A quinine 3-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.13.67) inhibitor
  A quinine,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A quinine 3-monooxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.67 (quinine 3-monooxygenase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_83316
  A 4-methylsterol oxidase inhibitor
  A 4,4-dimethyl-5alpha-cholest-7-en-3beta-ol,hydrogen-donor:oxygen oxidoreductase (hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A 4,4-dimethyl-5alpha-cholest-7-en-3beta-ol,NAD(P)H:oxygen oxidoreductase (hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A 4-methylsterol oxidase inhibitors
  A methylsterol hydroxylase inhibitors
  A methylsterol monooxygenase (EC 1.14.13.72) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.72 (methylsterol monooxygenase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.72 (ethylsterol monooxygenase) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.72 inhibitors
  A 4,4-dimethyl-5alpha-cholest-7-en-3beta-ol,NAD(P)H:oxygen oxidoreductase (hydroxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.72 inhibitor
  A methylsterol monooxygenase inhibitors
  A 4,4-dimethyl-5alpha-cholest-7-en-3beta-ol,hydrogen-donor:oxygen oxidoreductase (hydroxylating) inhibitor
  A methylsterol hydroxylase inhibitor
  A methylsterol monooxygenase inhibitor
  A methylsterol monooxygenase (EC 1.14.13.72) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_86501
  A CYP3A4 inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.97 inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.97 (taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-hydroxylase) inhibitor
  A cytochrome P450 3A4 inhibitor
  A taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A taurochenodeoxycholate,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase (6alpha-hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.13.97 (taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-hydroxylase) inhibitors
  A taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-hydroxylase inhibitor
  A CYP4A21 inhibitor
  A CYP4A21 inhibitors
  A taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-monooxygenase inhibitor
  A cytochrome P450 3A4 inhibitors
  A CYP3A4 inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.13.97 inhibitor
  A taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-monooxygenase inhibitors
  A taurochenodeoxycholate,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase (6alpha-hydroxylating) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76898
  A unspecific monooxygenase (EC 1.14.14.1) inhibitors
  A microsomal monooxygenase inhibitor
  A substrate,reduced-flavoprotein:oxygen oxidoreductase (RH-hydroxylating or -epoxidising) inhibitors
  A unspecific monooxygenase (EC 1.14.14.1) inhibitor
  A xenobiotic monooxygenase inhibitors
  A aryl-4-monooxygenase inhibitors
  A flavoprotein monooxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.14.1 (unspecific monooxygenase) inhibitor
  A microsomal P-450 inhibitors
  A xenobiotic monooxygenase inhibitor
  A unspecific monooxygenase inhibitors
  A substrate,reduced-flavoprotein:oxygen oxidoreductase (RH-hydroxylating or -epoxidising) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.14.1 inhibitor
  A flavoprotein monooxygenase inhibitor
  A aryl-4-monooxygenase inhibitor
  A aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase inhibitor
  A unspecific monooxygenase inhibitor
  A flavoprotein-linked monooxygenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.14.1 (unspecific monooxygenase) inhibitors
  A microsomal P-450 inhibitor
  A flavoprotein-linked monooxygenase inhibitors
  A microsomal monooxygenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.14.1 inhibitors
  A aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50790
  A estrogen synthetase inhibitors
  A estrogen synthetase inhibitor
  A oestrogen synthetase inhibitors
  A oestrogen synthase inhibitors
  A estrogen synthase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.14.14 inhibitor
  A oestrogen synthase inhibitor
  A estrogen synthase inhibitors
  A aromatase (EC 1.14.14.14) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitors
  A aromatase (EC 1.14.14.14) inhibitors
  A oestrogen synthetase inhibitor
  A aromatase inhibitors
  A aromatase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.14.14 inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50183
  A P450 inhibitors
  A CYP2D6 inhbitor
  A cytochrome P450 inhibitor
  A cytochrome P450 inhibitors
  A P450 inhibitor
  A CYP2D6 inhbitors
obo:CHEBI_76798
  A EC 1.14.15.4 (steroid 11beta-monooxygenase) inhibitor
  A cytochrome p450 XIB1 inhibitors
  A steroid 11beta/18-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A steroid 11beta-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.15.4) inhibitors
  A steroid,reduced-adrenodoxin:oxygen oxidoreductase (11beta-hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A steroid,reduced-adrenodoxin:oxygen oxidoreductase (11beta-hydroxylating) inhibitor
  A steroid 11beta-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.15.4) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.15.4 inhibitor
  A steroid 11beta-hydroxylase inhibitor
  A steroid 11beta/18-hydroxylase inhibitor
  A cytochrome p450 XIB1 inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.15.4 inhibitors
  A steroid 11beta-monooxygenase inhibitors
  A steroid 11beta-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.15.4 (steroid 11beta-monooxygenase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_63932
  A tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitors
  A L-tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitors
  A L-tyrosine,tetrahydrobiopterin:oxygen oxidoreductase (3-hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A tyrosine 3-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.16.2) inhibitor
  A tyrosine 3-monooxygenase inhibitor
  A L-tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.16.2 inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.16.2 inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.16.2 (tyrosine 3-monooxygenase) inhibitor
  A tyrosine 3-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A tyrosine 3-monooxygenase inhibitors
  A L-tyrosine,tetrahydrobiopterin:oxygen oxidoreductase (3-hydroxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.16.2 (tyrosine 3-monooxygenase) inhibitors
  A tyrosine 3-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.16.2) inhibitors
  A tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitor
  A tyrosine 3-hydroxylase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_59997
  A monophenol, dihydroxy-L-phenylalanine oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A monophenol dihydroxyphenylalanine:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A L-tyrosine,L-dopa:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.18.1 inhibitors
  A cresolase inhibitors
  A tyrosinase (EC 1.14.18.1) inhibitors
  A tyrosinase inhibitors
  A monophenol monooxygenase inhibitors
  A NN-acetyl-6-hydroxytryptophan oxidase inhibitors
  A cresolase inhibitor
  A monophenol oxidase inhibitor
  A monophenol monooxidase inhibitors
  A tyrosine-dopa oxidase inhibitor
  A monophenol, dihydroxy-L-phenylalanine oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A L-tyrosine,L-dopa:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A monophenol monooxygenase inhibitor
  A monophenol oxidase inhibitors
  A phenolase inhibitors
  A tyrosinase inhibitor
  A phenol oxidase inhibitor
  A monophenolase inhibitor
  A O-diphenol:O2 oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A monophenolase inhibitors
  A monophenol monooxidase inhibitor
  A O-diphenol:O2 oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A monophenol dihydroxyphenylalanine:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitors
  A phenolase inhibitor
  A NN-acetyl-6-hydroxytryptophan oxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor
  A tyrosine-dopa oxidase inhibitors
  A tyrosinase (EC 1.14.18.1) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.18.1 inhibitor
  A phenol oxidase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_35544
  A (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)-icosa-5,8,11,14-tetraenoate,hydrogen-donor:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)-icosa-5,8,11,14-tetraenoate,hydrogen-donor:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin endoperoxide synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.99.1 inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.99.1 (cyclooxygenase) inhibitor
  A cyclooxygenase inhibitor
  A PG synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor
  A (PG)H synthase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor
  A PG synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.99.1 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase (EC 1.14.99.1) inhibitor
  A prostaglandin synthase inhibitor
  A fatty acid cyclooxygenase inhibitor
  A prostaglandin endoperoxide synthetase inhibitor
  A cyclooxygenase (EC 1.14.99.1) inhibitors
  A fatty acid cyclooxygenase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin G/H synthase inhibitor
  A cyclooxygenase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin G/H synthase inhibitors
  A prostaglandin synthase inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.99.1 (cyclooxygenase) inhibitors
  A (PG)H synthase inhibitor
  A prostaglandin synthetase inhibitors
  A COX inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_68640
  A 17alpha-hydroxylase-C17,20 lyase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.99.9 inhibitor
  A cytochrome P450 (P-45017alpha,lyase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.99.9 (steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase) inhibitor
  A 17-alpha-hydroxylase/C17,20-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 1.14.99.9 inhibitors
  A steroid,NADPH--hemoprotein reductase:oxygen oxidoreductase (17alpha-hydroxylating) inhibitors
  A 17alpha-hydroxylase-C17,20 lyase inhibitors
  A CYP17 inhibitor
  A 17-alpha-hydroxylase/C17,20-lyase inhibitors
  A steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.99.9) inhibitor
  A steroid 17alpha-hydroxylase inhibitors
  A cytochrome p450 XVIIA1 inhibitors
  A cytochrome P450 (P-45017alpha,lyase) inhibitors
  A steroid 17alpha-hydroxylase inhibitor
  A cytochrome P450 17-alpha-hydroxylase/C17,20-lyase inhibitors
  A cytochrome p450 XVIIA1 inhibitor
  A steroid,NADPH--hemoprotein reductase:oxygen oxidoreductase (17alpha-hydroxylating) inhibitor
  A cytochrome P-45017alpha inhibitors
  A CYP17A1 inhibitors
  A EC 1.14.99.9 (steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase) inhibitors
  A steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase inhibitors
  A cytochrome P-45017alpha inhibitor
  A steroid 17alphahydroxylase/17,20 lyase inhibitors
  A steroid 17alphahydroxylase/17,20 lyase inhibitor
  A CYP17A1 inhibitor
  A steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.99.9) inhibitors
  A steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase inhibitor
  A cytochrome P450 17-alpha-hydroxylase/C17,20-lyase inhibitor
  A CYP17 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50630
  A prostaglandin H2 synthase 1 inhibitor
  A prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 1 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase-1 inhibitors
  A PTGS1 inhibitor
  A COX-1 inhibitor
  A cyclooxygenase-1 inhibitor
  A prostaglandin H2 synthase 1 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor
  A cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitors
  A cyclo-oxygenase 1 inhibitor
  A COX-1 inhibitors
  A prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 1 inhibitor
  A PTGS1 inhibitors
  A prostaglandin G/H synthase 1 inhibitor
  A cyclo-oxygenase 1 inhibitors
  A prostaglandin G/H synthase 1 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50629
  A cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitors
  A COX-2 inhibitor
  A prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor
  A cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitor
  A prostaglandin H synthase-2 inhibitor
  A cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor
  A cyclo-oxygenase 2 inhibitors
  A prostaglandin H synthase-2 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors
  A cyclo-oxygenase 2 inhibitor
  A prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2 inhibitor
  A PGHS-2 inhibitors
  A COX-2 inhibitors
  A PGHS-2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73263
  A COX-3 inhibitor
  A cyclo-oxygenase 3 inhibitor
  A cyclo-oxygenase 3 inhibitors
  A COX-3 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase-3 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase 3 inhibitors
  A cyclooxygenase-3 inhibitor
  A cyclooxygenase 3 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_134084
  A SODS inhibitor
  A superoxidase dismutase inhibitors
  A SOD-1 inhibitor
  A superoxide:superoxide oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A copper-zinc superoxide dismutase inhibitor
  A EC 1.15.1.1 (superoxide dismutase) inhibitor
  A SODF inhibitors
  A hemocuprein inhibitor
  A copper-zinc superoxide dismutase inhibitors
  A SOD-2 inhibitors
  A cuprein inhibitors
  A SOD-4 inhibitors
  A superoxide dismutase inhibitors
  A Fe-SOD inhibitor
  A Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase inhibitors
  A Mn-SOD inhibitor
  A superoxidase dismutase inhibitor
  A Cu,Zn-SOD inhibitor
  A superoxide:superoxide oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A hepatocuprein inhibitor
  A hemocuprein inhibitors
  A Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase inhibitor
  A superoxide dismutase I inhibitors
  A SOD inhibitor
  A ferrisuperoxide dismutase inhibitors
  A EC 1.15.1.1 (superoxide dismutase) inhibitors
  A cytocuprein inhibitor
  A Fe-SOD inhibitors
  A superoxide dismutase (EC 1.15.1.1) inhibitors
  A SOD-4 inhibitor
  A SOD-2 inhibitor
  A Cu,Zn-SOD inhibitors
  A SODF inhibitor
  A SODS inhibitors
  A SOD-1 inhibitors
  A ferrisuperoxide dismutase inhibitor
  A superoxide dismutase I inhibitor
  A erythrocuprein inhibitor
  A superoxide dismutase II inhibitors
  A SOD inhibitors
  A SOD-3 inhibitor
  A superoxide dismutase inhibitor
  A EC 1.15.1.1 inhibitor
  A superoxide dismutase (EC 1.15.1.1) inhibitor
  A EC 1.15.1.1 inhibitors
  A erythrocuprein inhibitors
  A Mn-SOD inhibitors
  A SOD-3 inhibitors
  A cuprein inhibitor
  A superoxide dismutase II inhibitor
  A hepatocuprein inhibitors
  A cytocuprein inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76850
  A EC 1.17.3.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.17.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.3.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.17.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.17.3.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76848
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 with a disulfide as acceptor (EC 1.17.4.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.17.4.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 with a disulfide as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.4.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.4.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.17.4.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 with a disulfide as acceptor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH or CH2 with a disulfide as acceptor (EC 1.17.4.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_35634
  A xanthine oxidase (EC 1.17.3.2) inhibitors
  A xanthine:xanthine oxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.3.2 inhibitors
  A EC 1.17.3.2 inhibitor
  A xanthine:xanthine oxidase inhibitors
  A hypoxanthine-xanthine oxidase inhibitors
  A xanthine:O2 oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor
  A hypoxanthine oxidase inhibitor
  A xanthine:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A xanthine oxidase (EC 1.17.3.2) inhibitor
  A hypoxanthine:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A Schardinger enzyme inhibitor
  A Schardinger enzyme inhibitors
  A hypoxanthine oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitors
  A xanthine:O2 oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A xanthine oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A xanthine oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A xanthine oxidase inhibitors
  A xanthine:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A xanthine oxidase inhibitor
  A hypoxanthine:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A hypoxanthine-xanthine oxidase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_74213
  A RR inhibitor
  A CDP reductase inhibitor
  A UDP reductase inhibitors
  A ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase inhibitor
  A nucleoside diphosphate reductase inhibitor
  A ribonucleotide reductase inhibitors
  A ribonucleotide reductase inhibitor
  A ribonucleotide diphosphate reductase inhibitors
  A ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase (EC 1.17.4.1) inhibitor
  A ribonucleoside diphosphate reductase inhibitors
  A ribonucleoside diphosphate reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.4.1 (ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase) inhibitors
  A ADP reductase inhibitors
  A ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase (EC 1.17.4.1) inhibitors
  A 2'-deoxyribonucleoside-diphosphate:thioredoxin-disulfide 2'-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.17.4.1 inhibitors
  A CDP reductase inhibitors
  A ADP reductase inhibitor
  A nucleoside diphosphate reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.17.4.1 inhibitor
  A UDP reductase inhibitor
  A RR inhibitors
  A EC 1.17.4.1 (ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase) inhibitor
  A 2'-deoxyribonucleoside-diphosphate:thioredoxin-disulfide 2'-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A ribonucleotide diphosphate reductase inhibitor
  A ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76852
  A EC 1.2.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor (EC 1.2.1.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor (EC 1.2.1.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76853
  A EC 1.2.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.2.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.3.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor aldehyde/oxo group with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.2.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.3.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_70817
  A glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (NAD) inhibitor
  A dehydrogenase, glyceraldehyde phosphate inhibitor
  A GAPDH inhibitor
  A 3-phosphoglyceraldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A triosephosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.12 (glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (phosphorylating)) inhibitor
  A glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A phosphoglyceraldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (NAD) inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.1.12 inhibitors
  A D-glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate:NAD(+) oxidoreductase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A NAD-dependent glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A D-glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate:NAD(+) oxidoreductase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A glyceraldehyde-3-P-dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A triosephosphate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A NAD-dependent glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A NADH-glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A NADH-glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase (NAD) inhibitors
  A dehydrogenase, glyceraldehyde phosphate inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.1.12 inhibitor
  A glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase (NAD) inhibitor
  A 3-phosphoglyceraldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A phosphoglyceraldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A GAPDH inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.1.12 [glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (phosphorylating)] inhibitors
  A glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (phosphorylating) (EC 1.2.1.12) inhibitors
  A glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (phosphorylating) (EC 1.2.1.12) inhibitor
  A glyceraldehyde-3-P-dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.12 (glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (phosphorylating)) inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.1.12 [glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (phosphorylating)] inhibitor
  A glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_35487
  A EC 1.2.1.3 (aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))) inhibitors
  A NAD-dependent aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A CoA-independent aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD) inhibitors
  A NAD-linked aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+)) (EC 1.2.1.3) inhibitor
  A NAD-dependent 4-hydroxynonenal dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A m-methylbenzaldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.1.3 (aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))) inhibitor
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+)) inhibitors
  A NAD-aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A NAD-dependent aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+)) inhibitor
  A propionaldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A propionaldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A NAD-aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitors
  A NAD-dependent 4-hydroxynonenal dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.3 inhibitor
  A CoA-independent aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A NAD-linked aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD) inhibitor
  A m-methylbenzaldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+)) (EC 1.2.1.3) inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.1.3 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77763
  A 1-pyrroline dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A Delta(1)-pyrroline-5-carboxylate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.88 inhibitor
  A Delta(1)-pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A Delta(1)-pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A Delta(1)-pyrroline-5-carboxylate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A 1-pyrroline dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A pyrroline-5-carboxylate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A L-pyrroline-5-carboxylate-NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A L-pyrroline-5-carboxylate-NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A 1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.88 (L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A 1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde dehydrogenase (EC 1.2.1.88) inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.1.88 (L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde dehydrogenase (EC 1.2.1.88) inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.1.88 inhibitors
  A pyrroline-5-carboxylate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_62872
  A aldehyde oxidase (EC 1.2.3.1) inhibitors
  A aldehyde oxidase inhibitor
  A aldehyde:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A retinal oxidase inhibitors
  A aldehyde oxidase (EC 1.2.3.1) inhibitor
  A quinoline oxidase inhibitors
  A retinoic acid synthase inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.3.1 (aldehyde oxidase) inhibitor
  A retinal oxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.3.1 inhibitor
  A quinoline oxidase inhibitor
  A retinoic acid synthase inhibitor
  A EC 1.2.3.1 inhibitors
  A aldehyde:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A aldehyde oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.2.3.1 (aldehyde oxidase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77109
  A EC 1.21.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond, with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond, with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.21.3.*)
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond, with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.21.3.*)
  A oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond, with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.21.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.21.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond, with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.21.3.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond, with oxygen as acceptor
  A oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond, with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.21.3.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on X-H and Y-H to form an X-Y bond, with oxygen as acceptor
  A EC 1.21.3.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77110
  A EC 1.21.3.3 (reticuline oxidase) inhibitors
  A EC 1.21.3.3 inhibitor
  A tetrahydroprotoberberine synthase inhibitors
  A berberine-bridge-forming enzyme inhibitors
  A EC 1.21.3.3 inhibitors
  A reticuline oxidase (EC 1.21.3.3) inhibitors
  A EC 1.5.3.9 inhibitor
  A reticuline oxidase inhibitors
  A berberine bridge enzyme inhibitor
  A (S)-reticuline:oxygen oxidoreductase (methylene-bridge-forming) inhibitors
  A BBE inhibitor
  A reticuline oxidase (EC 1.21.3.3) inhibitor
  A EC 1.5.3.9 inhibitors
  A EC 1.21.3.3 (reticuline oxidase) inhibitor
  A reticuline oxidase inhibitor
  A berberine bridge enzyme inhibitors
  A (S)-reticuline:oxygen oxidoreductase (methylene-bridge-forming) inhibitor
  A tetrahydroprotoberberine synthase inhibitor
  A BBE inhibitors
  A berberine-bridge-forming enzyme inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76857
  A EC 1.3.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donor, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donor, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donor with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor (EC 1.3.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donor with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donor with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donor with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor (EC 1.3.1.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76860
  A EC 1.3.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group, oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.3.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.3.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group, oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.3.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.3.3.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77102
  A EC 1.3.5.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.5.* inhibitors
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH of donor with a quinone or related compound as acceptor (EC 1.3.5.*)
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH of donor with a quinone or related compound as acceptor
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH of donor with a quinone or related compound as acceptor (EC 1.3.5.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH of donor with a quinone or related compound as acceptor (EC 1.3.5.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH of donor with a quinone or related compound as acceptor (EC 1.3.5.*)
  A EC 1.3.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH of donor with a quinone or related compound as acceptor) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH of donor with a quinone or related compound as acceptor
  A EC 1.3.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH of donor with a quinone or related compound as acceptor) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76858
  A EC 1.3.98.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donors, with other, known, acceptors (EC 1.3.98.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.98.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donors, with other, known, acceptors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.98.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.98.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group, with other, known, acceptors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.98.* (oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donors, with other, known, acceptors) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on CH-CH group of donors, with other, known, acceptors (EC 1.3.98.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.98.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group, with other, known, acceptors) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76859
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group with other acceptors (EC 1.3.99.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.99.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group, with other acceptors) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.99.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.99.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group, with other acceptors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.99.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group with other acceptors) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.99.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-CH group with other acceptors (EC 1.3.99.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50781
  A steroid 5alpha-hydrogenase inhibitors
  A reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate:Delta(4)-3-ketosteroid 5alpha-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid:NADP+ Delta(4)-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A cholest-4-en-3-one 5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) inhibitor
  A steroid 5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A 5alpha-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.22 [3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.22 inhibitor
  A steroid 5alpha-reductase inhibitors
  A 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) (EC 1.3.1.22) inhibitor
  A 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.22 (3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))) inhibitor
  A Delta(4)-3-ketosteroid 5alpha-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A 4-ene-5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A 3-oxosteroid Delta4-dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A cholestenone 5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A testosterone 5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.22 (3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))) inhibitors
  A testosterone Delta(4)-hydrogenase inhibitors
  A testosterone Delta(4)-hydrogenase inhibitor
  A testosterone Delta(4)-5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A cholestenone 5alpha-reductase inhibitors
  A testosterone 5alpha-reductase inhibitors
  A 5alpha-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A 5alpha-reductase inhibitors
  A testosterone Delta(4)-5alpha-reductase inhibitors
  A Delta(4)-3-ketosteroid 5alpha-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.22 [3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitors
  A 5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate:Delta(4)-3-ketosteroid 5alpha-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A steroid 5alpha-hydrogenase inhibitor
  A 4-ene-3-oxosteroid 5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.22 inhibitors
  A 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) (EC 1.3.1.22) inhibitors
  A 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid:NADP+ Delta(4)-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A 3-oxosteroid 5alpha-reductase inhibitor
  A 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64416
  A arogenate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A L-arogenate:NAD+ oxidoreductase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A L-arogenate:NAD(+) oxidoreductase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A L-arogenate:NAD+ oxidoreductase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A arogenate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A TyrA(a) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.43 inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.43 (arogenate dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A cyclohexadienyl dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A cyclohexadienyl dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A arogenate dehydrogenase (EC 1.3.1.43) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.43 inhibitor
  A L-arogenate:NAD+ oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.43 (arogenate dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A arogenate dehydrogenase (EC 1.3.1.43) inhibitor
  A TyrA(a) inhibitors
  A L-arogenate:NAD+ oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A L-arogenate:NAD(+) oxidoreductase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_83319
  A Delta(14)-sterol reductase inhibitor
  A 4,4-dimethyl-5alpha-cholesta-8,24-dien-3beta-ol:NADP(+) Delta(14)-oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.70 (Delta(14)-sterol reductase) inhibitor
  A Delta(14)-sterol reductase inhibitors
  A sterol C14-reductase inhibitors
  A C-14 sterol reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.70 inhibitors
  A sterol C14-reductase inhibitor
  A C-14 sterol reductase inhibitor
  A 4,4-dimethyl-5alpha-cholesta-8,24-dien-3beta-ol:NADP(+) Delta(14)-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.70 inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.70 (Delta(14)-sterol reductase) inhibitors
  A Delta(14)-sterol reductase (EC 1.3.1.70) inhibitor
  A Delta(14)-sterol reductase (EC 1.3.1.70) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_78728
  A lanosterol Delta (24)-reductase
  A Delta(24)-sterol reductase (EC 1.3.1.72) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.72 inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.72 (Delta(24)-sterol reductase) inhibitors
  A Delta(24)-sterol reductase inhibitor
  A Delta(24)-sterol reductase (EC 1.3.1.72) inhibitor
  A Delta(24)-sterol reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.72 (Delta(24)-sterol reductase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.72 inhibitors
  A sterol:NADP(+) Delta(24)-oxidoreductase
obo:CHEBI_78377
  A dehydrogenase, acyl coenzyme A (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate) inhibitors
  A enoyl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors
  A acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) inhibitors
  A crotonyl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors
  A 2-enoyl-CoA reductase inhibitors
  A crotonyl-CoA reductase inhibitor
  A dehydrogenase, acyl coenzyme A (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.1.8 inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.8 [acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor
  A crotonyl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) inhibitor
  A 2-enoyl-CoA reductase inhibitor
  A enoyl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor
  A crotonyl-CoA reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.8 [acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitors
  A acyl-CoA:NADP(+) 2-oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.1.8 inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) (EC 1.3.1.8) inhibitors
  A acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) (EC 1.3.1.8) inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA:NADP(+) 2-oxidoreductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73192
  A protoporphyrinogen oxidase (EC 1.3.3.4) inhibitor
  A HemY inhibitor
  A HemG inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitors
  A PPO inhibitor
  A protoporphyrinogen IX oxidase inhibitors
  A protoporphyrinogen-IX:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A protoporphyrinogen oxidase (EC 1.3.3.4) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor
  A protoporphyrinogenase inhibitor
  A protoporphyrinogen IX oxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.3.4 inhibitor
  A protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor
  A HemG inhibitor
  A Protox inhibitors
  A protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.3.4 inhibitors
  A HemY inhibitors
  A protoporphyrinogen-IX:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A Protox inhibitor
  A PPO inhibitors
  A protoporphyrinogenase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_83072
  A succinate dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor
  A complex II inhibitor
  A succinate:ubiquinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A succinate:ubiquinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A succinate dehydrogenase complex inhibitor
  A succinic dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A succinate dehydrogenase complex inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.5.1 inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.5.1 inhibitor
  A SDH inhibitor
  A succinic dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitors
  A succinate dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) inhibitors
  A complex II inhibitors
  A succinate:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A SDH inhibitors
  A succinate:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77103
  A DHODH inhibitor
  A dihydroorotate:ubiquinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.5.2 [dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitors
  A DHOdehase inhibitor
  A DHOD inhibitor
  A (S)-dihydroorotate:acceptor oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A (S)-dihydroorotate:(acceptor) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.5.2 inhibitors
  A DHOD inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.5.2 inhibitor
  A DHODH inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.5.2 (dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (quinone)) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.5.2 (dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (quinone)) inhibitors
  A (S)-dihydroorotate:(acceptor) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A (S)-dihydroorotate:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A (S)-dihydroorotate:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.5.2 [dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor
  A DHOdehase inhibitors
  A (S)-dihydroorotate:acceptor oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A dihydroorotate:ubiquinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_68542
  A dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate) inhibitor
  A DHODH inhibitors
  A DHODH inhibitor
  A dihydroorotate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.98.1 (dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate)) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.3.1 inhibitors
  A dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate) inhibitors
  A dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate) (EC 1.3.98.1) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.98.1 [dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate)] inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.98.1 (dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate)) inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.98.1 [dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate)] inhibitor
  A (S)-dihydroorotate:fumarate oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A dihydroorotate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.98.1 inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.98.1 inhibitor
  A dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate) (EC 1.3.98.1) inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.3.1 inhibitor
  A (S)-dihydroorotate:fumarate oxidoreductase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_72774
  A phytoene desaturase (zeta-carotene-forming) inhibitor
  A CrtIa inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.99.29 [phytoene desaturase (zeta-carotene-forming)] inhibitors
  A CrtIa inhibitors
  A phytoene desaturase (zeta-carotene-forming) (EC 1.3.99.29) inhibitors
  A two-step phytoene desaturase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.99.29 inhibitors
  A phytoene desaturase inhibitors
  A EC 1.3.99.29 [phytoene desaturase (zeta-carotene-forming)] inhibitor
  A 2-step phytoene desaturase inhibitors
  A 2-step phytoene desaturase inhibitor
  A phytoene desaturase inhibitor
  A EC 1.3.99.29 inhibitor
  A phytoene dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A phytoene desaturase (zeta-carotene-forming) (EC 1.3.99.29) inhibitor
  A 15-cis-phytoene:acceptor oxidoreductase (zeta-carotene-forming) inhibitor
  A 15-cis-phytoene:acceptor oxidoreductase (zeta-carotene-forming) inhibitors
  A phytoene desaturase (zeta-carotene-forming) inhibitors
  A phytoene dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A two-step phytoene desaturase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_86009
  A EC 1.4.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group; NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group; NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group with NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76861
  A EC 1.4.3.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.4.3.*) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.4.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.3.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76862
  A EC 1.4.4.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.4.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.4.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, a disulfide as acceptor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, a disulfide as acceptor (EC 1.4.4.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.4.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, a disulfide as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, a disulfide as acceptor (EC 1.4.4.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77088
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, Fe-S protein as acceptor (EC 1.4.7.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.7.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.7.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, Fe-S protein as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.7.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, Fe-S protein as acceptor
  A EC 1.4.7.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, Fe-S protein as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, Fe-S protein as acceptor (EC 1.4.7.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH2 group, Fe-S protein as acceptor
obo:CHEBI_62089
  A glutamate synthase (ferredoxin) inhibitor
  A glutamate synthase (ferredoxin) (EC 1.4.7.1) inhibitors
  A ferredoxin-dependent glutamate synthase inhibitors
  A ferredoxin-glutamate synthase inhibitors
  A L-glutamate:ferredoxin oxidoreductase (transaminating) inhibitors
  A L-glutamate:ferredoxin oxidoreductase (transaminating) inhibitor
  A glutamate synthase inhibitors
  A glutamate synthase (ferredoxin) inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.7.1 inhibitor
  A glutamate synthase (ferredoxin-dependent) inhibitor
  A ferredoxin-dependent glutamate synthase inhibitor
  A glutamate synthase inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.7.1 inhibitors
  A ferredoxin-glutamate synthase inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.7.1 [glutamate synthase (ferredoxin)] inhibitors
  A glutamate synthase (ferredoxin) (EC 1.4.7.1) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.7.1 [glutamate synthase (ferredoxin)] inhibitor
  A glutamate synthase (ferredoxin-dependent) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_86010
  A glutamate dehydrogenase [NAD(P)(+)] (EC 1.4.1.3) inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.1.3 inhibitors
  A glutamic dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.1.3 {glutamate dehydrogenase [NAD(P)(+)]} inhibitors
  A glutamate dehydrogenase [NAD(P)(+)] inhibitor
  A glutamic dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A L-glutamate:NAD(P)(+) oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitor
  A glutamate dehydrogenase [NAD(P)(+)] (EC 1.4.1.3) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.1.3 inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.1.3 {glutamate dehydrogenase [NAD(P)(+)]} inhibitor
  A glutamate dehydrogenase [NAD(P)(+)] inhibitors
  A L-glutamate:NAD(P)(+) oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_53659
  A diamine oxidase inhibitor
  A diamine oxidase (EC 1.4.3.22) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.3.22 (diamine oxidase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.3.22 inhibitors
  A histamine:oxygen oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitors
  A histaminase inhibitors
  A diamine oxidase (EC 1.4.3.22) inhibitors
  A histaminase inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.3.22 (diamine oxidase) inhibitors
  A histamine:oxygen oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitor
  A diamine oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.3.22 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_85052
  A D-amino-acid oxidase (EC 1.4.3.3) inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.3.3 (D-amino-acid oxidase) inhibitors
  A new yellow enzyme inhibitor
  A D-amino-acid:oxygen oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitors
  A D-amino-acid oxidase (EC 1.4.3.3) inhibitor
  A new yellow enzyme inhibitors
  A L-amino acid:O2 oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A L-amino acid:O2 oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A D-amino-acid:oxygen oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitor
  A D-amino-acid oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.3.3 inhibitor
  A D-amino-acid oxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.3.3 inhibitors
  A ophio-amino-acid oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.3.3 (D-amino-acid oxidase) inhibitor
  A ophio-amino-acid oxidase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38623
  A monoamine oxidase inhibitor
  A monoamine oxidase A inhibitors
  A MAO inhibitors
  A MAO-A inhibitor
  A epinephrine oxidase inhibitor
  A amine:oxygen oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitor
  A MAO B inhibitors
  A tyramine oxidase inhibitor
  A MAO inhibitor
  A tyraminase inhibitor
  A monoamine oxidase (EC 1.4.3.4) inhibitor
  A MAO B inhibitor
  A MAO-B inhibitor
  A MAO-B inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor
  A tyramine oxidase inhibitors
  A MAO-A inhibitors
  A amine:oxygen oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitors
  A monoamine oxidase B inhibitor
  A monoamine oxidase inhibitors
  A adrenalin oxidase inhibitor
  A amine oxidase (flavin-containing) inhibitor
  A adrenalin oxidase inhibitors
  A monoamine:O2 oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitors
  A amine oxidase (flavin-containing) inhibitors
  A monoamine oxidase A inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitors
  A monoamine:O2 oxidoreductase (deaminating) inhibitor
  A MAO A inhibitors
  A amine:oxygen oxidoreductase (deaminating) (flavin-containing) inhibitors
  A adrenaline oxidase inhibitors
  A tyraminase inhibitors
  A MAO A inhibitor
  A amine:oxygen oxidoreductase (deaminating) (flavin-containing) inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.3.4 inhibitor
  A serotonin deaminase inhibitor
  A monoamine oxidase (EC 1.4.3.4) inhibitors
  A monoamine oxidase B inhibitors
  A adrenaline oxidase inhibitor
  A serotonin deaminase inhibitors
  A epinephrine oxidase inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.3.4 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_75429
  A protein P1 inhibitors
  A glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring) (EC 1.4.4.2) inhibitors
  A glycine decarboxylase inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.4.2 inhibitor
  A protein P1 inhibitor
  A glycine:H-protein-lipoyllysine oxidoreductase (decarboxylating, acceptor-amino-methylating) inhibitor
  A glycine-cleavage complex P-protein inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.4.2 (glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring)) inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.4.2 inhibitors
  A P-protein inhibitors
  A glycine:lipoylprotein oxidoreductase (decarboxylating and acceptor-aminomethylating) inhibitor
  A glycine:lipoylprotein oxidoreductase (decarboxylating and acceptor-aminomethylating) inhibitors
  A glycine-cleavage complex P-protein inhibitors
  A glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring) inhibitors
  A glycine cleavage system P-protein inhibitors
  A P-protein inhibitor
  A glycine dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A glycine dehydrogenase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A glycine cleavage system P-protein inhibitor
  A glycine decarboxylase inhibitor
  A EC 1.4.4.2 (glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring)) inhibitor
  A glycine-cleavage complex inhibitor
  A glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring) (EC 1.4.4.2) inhibitor
  A glycine:H-protein-lipoyllysine oxidoreductase (decarboxylating, acceptor-amino-methylating)
  A glycine-cleavage complex inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.4.2 [glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring)] inhibitors
  A EC 1.4.4.2 [glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring)] inhibitor
  A glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76863
  A EC 1.5.1.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor (EC 1.5.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.5.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.5.1.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor (EC 1.5.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.5.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor CH-NH group, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50683
  A tetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A EC 1.5.1.3 inhibitor
  A dihydrofolic reductase inhibitors
  A DHFR inhibitors
  A tetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A 7,8-dihydrofolate reductase inhibitors
  A dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor
  A folic reductase inhibitors
  A NADPH-dihydrofolate reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.5.1.3 inhibitors
  A dihydrofolic reductase inhibitor
  A dihydrofolate reductase (EC 1.5.1.3) inhibitors
  A DHFR inhibitor
  A dihydrofolic acid reductase inhibitor
  A dihydrofolate reductase inhibitors
  A 7,8-dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor
  A NADPH-dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor
  A dihydrofolate reductase (EC 1.5.1.3) inhibitor
  A folic acid reductase inhibitors
  A folic acid reductase inhibitor
  A dihydrofolic acid reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitors
  A folic reductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76867
  A EC 1.6.3.* inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.6.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.3.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH with oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.6.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH with oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76866
  A EC 1.6.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH with a quinone or similar as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.5.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH with a quinone or similar as acceptor (EC 1.6.5.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH with a quinone or similar as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH with a quinone or similar as acceptor (EC 1.6.5.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50423
  A dual oxidase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H:oxygen oxidoreductase (H2O2-forming) inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.3.1 inhibitors
  A thyroid oxidase 2 inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.3.1. [NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming)] inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H:oxygen oxidoreductase (H2O2-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.3.1. [NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming)] inhibitors
  A thyroid NADPH oxidase inhibitor
  A thyroid oxidase inhibitors
  A THOX2 inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.3.1. (NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming)) inhibitor
  A thyroid oxidase inhibitor
  A thyroid oxidase 2 inhibitors
  A thyroid NADPH oxidase inhibitors
  A p138tox inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming) (EC 1.6.3.1) inhibitors
  A NADPH oxidase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming) inhibitor
  A dual oxidase inhibitors
  A ThOX inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming) (EC 1.6.3.1) inhibitor
  A p138tox inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.3.1. (NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming)) inhibitors
  A ThOX inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming) inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H oxidase inhibitor
  A THOX2 inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.3.1 inhibitor
  A NADPH oxidase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H oxidase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50390
  A NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A quinone reductase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H2 dehydrogenase (quinone) inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone) inhibitors
  A diaphorase inhibitor
  A phylloquinone reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.2 inhibitor
  A vitamin K reductase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H-quinone dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.2 (NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone)) inhibitor
  A vitamin-K reductase inhibitor
  A naphthoquinone reductase inhibitor
  A reduced nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide (phosphate) dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H: menadione oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A vitamin-K reductase inhibitors
  A p-benzoquinone reductase inhibitor
  A flavoprotein NAD(P)H-quinone reductase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone) (EC 1.6.5.2) inhibitors
  A dehydrogenase, reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (phosphate, quinone) inhibitors
  A p-benzoquinone reductase inhibitors
  A QR1 inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H2 dehydrogenase (quinone) inhibitors
  A reduced NAD(P)H dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A reduced nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide (phosphate) dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A NADH-menadione reductase inhibitors
  A viologen accepting pyridine nucleotide oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H-quinone dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H menadione reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.2 inhibitors
  A quinone reductase inhibitors
  A menadione reductase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone) (EC 1.6.5.2) inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone) inhibitor
  A reduced NAD(P)H dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H:(quinone-acceptor)oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H menadione reductase inhibitor
  A dehydrogenase, reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (phosphate, quinone) inhibitor
  A phylloquinone reductase inhibitor
  A menadione oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A vitamin K reductase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H: menadione oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NQO1 inhibitor
  A naphthoquinone reductase inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H:(quinone-acceptor)oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.2 (NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone)) inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.2 [NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor
  A DT diaphorase inhibitor
  A diaphorase inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.2 [NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H-quinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A flavoprotein NAD(P)H-quinone reductase inhibitor
  A menadione reductase inhibitor
  A QR1 inhibitor
  A menadione oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NADH-menadione reductase inhibitor
  A NAD(P)H-quinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A viologen accepting pyridine nucleotide oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NQO1 inhibitors
  A NAD(P)H dehydrogenase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76869
  A EC 1.8.1.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group of donors, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor (EC 1.8.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group of donors, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.* inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group of donors, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor (EC 1.8.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.1.* (oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group of donors, NAD(+) or NADP(+) as acceptor) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90920
  A EC 1.8.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group donors, quinone or similar as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.5.* inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group donors, quinone or similar as acceptor (EC 1.8.5.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.5.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.5.* (oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group donors, quinone or similar as acceptor) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on sulfur group donors, quinone or similar as acceptor (EC 1.8.5.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77402
  A NADPH:trypanothione oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.1.12 inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.12 inhibitor
  A N(1),N(8)-bis(glutathionyl)spermidine reductase inhibitors
  A NADPH2:trypanothione oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A trypanothione reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.12 (trypanothione-disulfide reductase) inhibitor
  A trypanothione:NADP(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NADPH2:trypanothione oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NADPH:trypanothione oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.12 (trypanothione-disulfide reductase) inhibitors
  A trypanothione-disulfide reductase (EC 1.8.1.12) inhibitors
  A trypanothione reductase inhibitor
  A N(1),N(8)-bis(glutathionyl)spermidine reductase inhibitor
  A trypanothione:NADP(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A trypanothione-disulfide reductase (EC 1.8.1.12) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64670
  A TrxR inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.1.9 inhibitors
  A thioredoxin reductase (EC 1.8.1.9) inhibitors
  A TrxR inhibitors
  A NADPH-thioredoxin reductase inhibitor
  A thioredoxin reductase inhibitors
  A thioredoxin-disulfide reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.9 (thioredoxin reductase) inhibitors
  A thioredoxin reductase inhibitor
  A thioredoxin reductase (EC 1.8.1.9) inhibitor
  A NADPH2:oxidized thioredoxin oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.9 (thioredoxin reductase) inhibitor
  A thioredoxin:NADP+ oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A thioredoxin-disulfide reductase inhibitor
  A thioredoxin:NADP+ oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A thioredoxin reductase (NADPH) inhibitors
  A thioredoxin reductase (NADPH) inhibitor
  A NADPH-thioredoxin reductase inhibitors
  A NADP-thioredoxin reductase inhibitor
  A NADPH2:oxidized thioredoxin oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NADP-thioredoxin reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.9 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_134545
  A dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A LDP-Val inhibitors
  A L-protein inhibitor
  A dihydrolipoamide:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A diaphorase inhibitor
  A lipoate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A dehydrolipoate dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A E3 component of alpha-ketoacid dehydrogenase complexes inhibitor
  A lipoamide reductase (NADH) inhibitors
  A glycine-cleavage system L-protein inhibitors
  A lipoamide dehydrogenase (NADH) inhibitors
  A lipoyl dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A lipoic acid dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A lipoamide oxidoreductase (NADH) inhibitors
  A LDP-Glc inhibitors
  A lipoamide reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.1.4 (dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase) inhibitor
  A E3 component of alpha-ketoacid dehydrogenase complexes inhibitors
  A dehydrolipoate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A lipoic acid dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A dihydrothioctic dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A lipoamide reductase (NADH) inhibitor
  A lipoamide oxidoreductase (NADH) inhibitor
  A L-protein inhibitors
  A LDP-Val inhibitor
  A lipoate dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A protein-N(6)-(dihydrolipoyl)lysine:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A dihydrolipoamide:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A protein-N(6)-(dihydrolipoyl)lysine:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A lipoamide dehydrogenase (NADH) inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.1.4 (dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase) inhibitors
  A dihydrothioctic dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A protein-6-N-(dihydrolipoyl)lysine:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A dihydrolipoic dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.8.1.4 inhibitors
  A LDP-Glc inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.1.4 inhibitor
  A dihydrolipoic dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A lipoamide reductase inhibitors
  A diaphorase inhibitors
  A protein-6-N-(dihydrolipoyl)lysine:NAD(+) oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A lipoyl dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A glycine-cleavage system L-protein inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90921
  A EC 1.8.5.4 (sulfide:quinone reductase) inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.5.4 inhibitor
  A sulfide:quinone reductase inhibitor
  A sulfide:quinone reductase (EC 1.8.5.4) inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.5.4 (sulfide:quinone reductase) inhibitors
  A sulfide:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A sulfide:quinone reductase inhibitors
  A sulfide:quinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.8.5.4 inhibitors
  A sulfide:quinone reductase (EC 1.8.5.4) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76870
  A EC 1.9.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor heme group, oxygen as acceptor) inhibitors
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor heme group, oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.9.3.*) inhibitor
  A oxidoreductase acting on donor heme group, oxygen as acceptor (EC 1.9.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 1.9.3.* (oxidoreductase acting on donor heme group, oxygen as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 1.9.3.* inhibitor
  A EC 1.9.3.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76655
  A EC 2.1.* (C1-transferase) inhibitors
  A C1-transferase inhibitor
  A C1-transferase (EC 2.1.*) inhibitor
  A one-carbon-containing group transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.* inhibitor
  A one-carbon-containing group transferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.* inhibitors
  A C1-transferase (EC 2.1.*) inhibitors
  A C1-transferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.* (C1-transferase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76681
  A EC 2.10.* inhibitors
  A Mo- or W-containing group transferase (EC 2.10.*) inhibitors
  A Mo- or W-containing group transferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.10.* (Mo- or W-containing group transferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.10.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.10.* (Mo- or W-containing group transferase) inhibitor
  A Mo- or W-containing group transferase (EC 2.10.*) inhibitor
  A Mo- or W-containing group transferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76660
  A aldehyde/ketone transferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.2.* inhibitors
  A aldehyde or ketone transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.2.* (aldehyde or ketone transferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.2.* (aldehyde or ketone transferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.2.* inhibitor
  A aldehyde/ketone transferase inhibitor
  A aldehyde/ketone transferase (EC 2.2.*) inhibitors
  A aldehyde or ketone transferase inhibitors
  A aldehyde/ketone transferase (EC 2.2.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76661
  A EC 2.3.* (acyltransferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.* inhibitor
  A acyltransferase inhibitor
  A acyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.* (acyltransferase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76662
  A EC 2.4.* (glycosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.* (glycosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A glycosyltransferase inhibitor
  A glycosyltransferase (EC 2.4.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.* inhibitors
  A glycosyltransferase inhibitors
  A glycosyltransferase (EC 2.4.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76834
  A EC 2.5.* (non-methyl-alkyl or aryl transferase) inhibitors
  A non-methyl-alkyl or aryl transferase (EC 2.5.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.* (non-methyl-alkyl or aryl transferase) inhibitor
  A non-methyl-alkyl or aryl transferase (EC 2.5.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76665
  A EC 2.6.* inhibitors
  A nitrogenous group transferase inhibitors
  A nitrogenous group transferase (EC 2.6.*) inhibitor
  A nitrogenous group transferase (EC 2.6.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.6.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.* (nitrogenous group transferase) inhibitor
  A nitrogenous group transferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76668
  A phosphorus-containing group transferase (EC 2.7.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.* (phosphorus-containing group transferase) inhibitor
  A phosphorus-containing group transferase inhibitors
  A phosphorus-containing group transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.* (P-containing group transferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.* (P-containing group transferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.* (phosphorus-containing group transferase) inhibitors
  A phosphorus-containing group transferase (EC 2.7.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76676
  A EC 2.8.* inhibitors
  A sulfur-containing group transferase inhibitor
  A sulfur-containing group transferase (EC 2.8.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.8.* (S-containing group transferase) inhibitor
  A S-containing group transferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.8.* inhibitor
  A sulfur-containing group transferase (EC 2.8.*) inhibitor
  A S-containing group transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.8.* (S-containing group transferase) inhibitors
  A sulfur-containing group transferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76677
  A Se-containing group transferase inhibitors
  A selenium-containing group transferase (EC 2.9.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.9.* inhibitor
  A selenium-containing group transferase inhibitors
  A selenium-containing group transferase (EC 2.9.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.9.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.9.* (Se-containing group transferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.9.* (Se-containing group transferase) inhibitor
  A selenium-containing group transferase inhibitor
  A Se-containing group transferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76871
  A EC 2.1.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.* (methyltransferases) inhibitor
  A methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.* (methyltransferases) inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.* (methyltransferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.* (methyltransferase) inhibitor
  A methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76874
  A EC 2.1.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.2.* (hydroxymethyl-, formyl- and related transferases) inhibitor
  A hydroxymethyl-, formyl- and related transferases (EC 2.1.2.*) inhibitor
  A hydroxymethyl-, formyl- and related transferases (EC 2.1.2.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.2.* (hydroxymethyl-, formyl- and related transferases) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77111
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.116 [3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase] inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.116 inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.116 [3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase] inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.116 inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A 3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.116) inhibitor
  A 3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.116) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77115
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:(S)-7,8,13,14-tetrahydroprotoberberine cis-N-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A tetrahydroprotoberberine cis-N-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A (S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.122) inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.122 inhibitors
  A (S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A (S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:(S)-7,8,13,14-tetrahydroprotoberberine cis-N-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.122 [(S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase] inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.122 ((S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase) inhibitors
  A tetrahydroprotoberberine cis-N-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.122 ((S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.122 inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.122 [(S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase] inhibitors
  A (S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.122) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90190
  A M.BsuRIa inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic acid methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EcoRI methylase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A HpaII methylase inhibitors
  A DNA transmethylase inhibitor
  A DNA cytosine c(5) methylase inhibitors
  A cytosine DNA methylase inhibitors
  A DNA-cytosine 5-methylase inhibitors
  A modification methylase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic acid methyltransferase inhibitor
  A DNA-cytosine methyltransferase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid methylase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A DNA 5-cytosine methylase inhibitors
  A Typ II DNA methylase inhibitor
  A cytosine 5-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleate methylase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleate methylase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A modification methylase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A DNA cytosine methylase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.37 [DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase] inhibitor
  A M.BsuRIa inhibitor
  A DNA-cytosine methyltransferase inhibitors
  A methylphosphotriester-DNA methyltransferase inhibitor
  A DNA-cytosine 5-methylase inhibitor
  A DNA methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EcoRI methylase inhibitors
  A DNA methylase inhibitor
  A cytosine 5-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A methylphosphotriester-DNA methyltransferase inhibitors
  A HpaII methylase inhibitor
  A site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (cytosine-specific) inhibitor
  A DNA cytosine methylase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid modification methylase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic methylase inhibitor
  A DNA transmethylase inhibitors
  A restriction-modification system inhibitors
  A DNA 5-cytosine methylase inhibitor
  A cytosine-specific DNA methyltransferase inhibitors
  A DNA cytosine c(5) methylase inhibitor
  A M.BsuRIb inhibitor
  A restriction-modification system inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.37 inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleate methyltransferase inhibitors
  A HpaII' methylase inhibitors
  A cytosine-specific DNA methyltransferase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic methylase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleate methyltransferase inhibitor
  A DNA methyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.37 inhibitors
  A site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (cytosine-specific) inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic acid methylase inhibitor
  A M.BsuRIb inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.37 [DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase] inhibitors
  A DNA methylase inhibitors
  A cytosine DNA methyltransferase inhibitors
  A cytosine DNA methyltransferase inhibitor
  A Typ II DNA methylase inhibitors
  A HpaII' methylase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid modification methylase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_71178
  A hydroxyindole methyltransferase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:N-acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A hydroxyindole O-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A acetylserotonin methyltransferase inhibitors
  A acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.4) inhibitor
  A N-acetylserotonin methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.4 inhibitor
  A N-acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:N-acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A hydroxyindole O-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.4 (acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase) inhibitors
  A N-acetylserotonin methyltransferase inhibitor
  A acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A ASMT inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.4 inhibitors
  A acetylserotonin methyltransferase inhibitor
  A hydroxyindole methyltransferase inhibitors
  A N-acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.4 (acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase) inhibitor
  A acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.4) inhibitors
  A ASMT inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_63720
  A thymidylate synthase inhibitor
  A TMP synthetase inhibitors
  A 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate:dUMP C-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate:dUMP C-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.45 (thymidylate synthase) inhibitor
  A methylenetetrahydrofolate:dUMP C-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.45 inhibitors
  A TMP synthetase inhibitor
  A thymidylate synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.45 inhibitor
  A thymidylate synthetase inhibitors
  A thymidylate synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.45 (thymidylate synthase) inhibitors
  A methylenetetrahydrofolate:dUMP C-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A dTMP synthase inhibitors
  A dTMP synthase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_48406
  A COMT inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:catechol O-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A catechol O-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.6) inhibitors
  A catechol O-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.6 (catechol O-methyltransferase) inhibitors
  A catecholamine O-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A catechol methyltransferase inhibitor
  A catechol O-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.6) inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.6 inhibitors
  A catecholamine O-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A COMT inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.6 (catechol O-methyltransferase) inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:catechol O-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A catechol methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.6 inhibitor
  A catechol O-methyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_65065
  A DNA adenine methyltransferase inhibitor
  A restriction-modification system inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.72 [site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific)] inhibitor
  A site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific) (EC 2.1.1.72) inhibitor
  A modification methylase inhibitors
  A site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific) inhibitors
  A Dam inhibitor
  A site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific) inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.72 (site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific)) inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.72 inhibitors
  A restriction-modification system inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.72 inhibitor
  A modification methylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.72 [site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific)] inhibitors
  A Dam inhibitors
  A site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific) (EC 2.1.1.72) inhibitors
  A DNA adenine methyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.72 (site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific)) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_65064
  A cyclopropane-fatty-acyl-phospholipid synthase inhibitors
  A CFA synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.79 (cyclopropane-fatty-acyl-phospholipid synthase) inhibitors
  A unsaturated-phospholipid methyltransferase inhibitor
  A cyclopropane fatty acid synthetase inhibitors
  A cyclopropane synthase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:unsaturated-phospholipid methyltransferase (cyclizing) inhibitors
  A unsaturated-phospholipid methyltransferase inhibitors
  A cyclopropane synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.79 inhibitors
  A cyclopropane-fatty-acyl-phospholipid synthase (EC 2.1.1.79) inhibitors
  A CFA synthase inhibitor
  A cyclopropane-fatty-acyl-phospholipid synthase (EC 2.1.1.79) inhibitor
  A cyclopropane fatty acid synthase inhibitors
  A cyclopropane-fatty-acyl-phospholipid synthase inhibitor
  A cyclopropane synthetase inhibitor
  A cyclopropane synthase inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:unsaturated-phospholipid methyltransferase (cyclizing) inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:unsaturated-phospholipid methyltransferase (cyclising) inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.1.79 (cyclopropane-fatty-acyl-phospholipid synthase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.79 inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:unsaturated-phospholipid methyltransferase (cyclising) inhibitor
  A cyclopropane fatty acid synthetase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_110725
  A EC 2.1.1.8 (histamine N-methyltransferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.8 (histamine N-methyltransferase) inhibitors
  A histamine 1-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A histamine-methylating enzyme inhibitor
  A imidazolemethyltransferase inhibitors
  A S-adenosylmethionine-histamine N-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A histamine methyltransferase inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:histamine N-tele-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:histamine N-tele-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.8 inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.1.8 inhibitors
  A imidazolemethyltransferase inhibitor
  A S-adenosylmethionine-histamine N-methyltransferase inhibitors
  A histamine methyltransferase inhibitor
  A histamine 1-methyltransferase inhibitor
  A histamine-methylating enzyme inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_52303
  A sterol methyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64570
  A threonine aldolase inhibitors
  A 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate:glycine hydroxymethyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.2.1 inhibitors
  A serine hydroxymethylase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.2.1 (glycine hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.2.1 inhibitor
  A serine hydroxymethylase inhibitor
  A serine hydroxymethyltransferase inhibitor
  A serine aldolase inhibitor
  A threonine aldolase inhibitor
  A allothreonine aldolase inhibitor
  A L-threonine aldolase inhibitor
  A serine transhydroxymethylase inhibitor
  A 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate:glycine hydroxymethyltransferase inhibitor
  A glycine hydroxymethyltransferase inhibitors
  A L-serine hydroxymethyltransferase inhibitors
  A glycine hydroxymethyltransferase (EC 2.1.2.1) inhibitors
  A serine transhydroxymethylase inhibitors
  A L-serine hydroxymethyltransferase inhibitor
  A allothreonine aldolase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.2.1 (glycine hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitors
  A glycine hydroxymethyltransferase (EC 2.1.2.1) inhibitor
  A serine hydroxymethyltransferase inhibitors
  A glycine hydroxymethyltransferase inhibitor
  A serine aldolase inhibitors
  A L-threonine aldolase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_63721
  A 2-amino-N-ribosylacetamide 5'-phosphate transformylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.2.2 inhibitor
  A glycinamide ribonucleotide transformylase inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.2.2 (phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.1.2.2 inhibitors
  A GAR transformylase inhibitor
  A 5,10-methenyltetrahydrofolate:2-amino-N-ribosylacetamide ribonucleotide transformylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.1.2.2 (phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase) inhibitor
  A GAR formyltransferase inhibitor
  A phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase (EC 2.1.2.2) inhibitors
  A glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase inhibitor
  A GAR formyltransferase inhibitors
  A glycinamide ribonucleotide transformylase inhibitor
  A phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase inhibitor
  A 5,10-methenyltetrahydrofolate:2-amino-N-ribosylacetamide ribonucleotide transformylase inhibitors
  A glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase inhibitors
  A GAR TFase inhibitor
  A GAR TFase inhibitors
  A phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase (EC 2.1.2.2) inhibitor
  A phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase inhibitors
  A GAR transformylase inhibitors
  A 10-formyltetrahydrofolate:5'-phosphoribosylglycinamide N-formyltransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76876
  A transketolase/transaldolase (EC 2.2.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.2.1.* (transketolase/transaldolase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.2.1.* (transketolases and transaldolases) inhibitor
  A EC 2.2.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.2.1.* (transketolases and transaldolases) inhibitors
  A EC 2.2.1.* inhibitor
  A transketolase/transaldolase (EC 2.2.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.2.1.* (transketolase/transaldolase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_22180
  A acetohydroxy acid synthetase inhibitor
  A pyruvate:pyruvate acetaldehydetransferase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A EC 2.2.1.6 inhibitor
  A alpha-acetolactate synthase inhibitors
  A acetohydroxy acid synthetase inhibitors
  A alpha-acetohydroxy acid synthetase inhibitor
  A acetolactic synthetase inhibitor
  A acetolactic synthetase inhibitors
  A acetohydroxyacid synthase inhibitor
  A acetolactate pyruvate-lyase (carboxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor
  A alpha-acetolactate synthase inhibitor
  A alpha-acetolactate synthetase inhibitors
  A acetohydroxyacid synthase inhibitors
  A pyruvate:pyruvate acetaldehydetransferase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 2.2.1.6 inhibitors
  A EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitors
  A acetolactate synthase (EC 2.2.1.6) inhibitor
  A alpha-acetohydroxy acid synthetase inhibitors
  A alpha-acetohydroxyacid synthase inhibitor
  A acetolactate synthase (EC 2.2.1.6) inhibitors
  A acetolactate synthase inhibitor
  A acetolactate synthase inhibitors
  A alpha-acetolactate synthetase inhibitor
  A alpha-acetohydroxyacid synthase inhibitors
  A acetolactate pyruvate-lyase (carboxylating) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76878
  A EC 2.3.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.* (acyltransferase transferring other than amino-acyl group) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.* (acyltransferase transferring other than amino-acyl group) inhibitors
  A acyltransferase transferring other than amino-acyl group EC 2.3.1.* inhibitor
  A acyltransferase transferring other than amino-acyl group EC 2.3.1.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76877
  A EC 2.3.2.* inhibitors
  A aminoacyltransferase (EC 2.3.2.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.2.* (aminoacyltransferase) inhibitors
  A aminoacyltransferase (EC 2.3.2.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.2.* (aminoacyltransferase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77022
  A acyltransferase converting acyl to alkyl group on transfer (EC 2.3.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.3.* inhibitor
  A acyltransferase converting acyl to alkyl group on transfer (EC 2.3.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.3.* (acyltransferase converting acyl to alkyl group on transfer) inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.3.* (acyltransferase converting acyl to alkyl group on transfer) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.3.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_64919
  A diglyceride acyltransferase inhibitor
  A DGAT inhibitors
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.20 (diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.20 inhibitor
  A diacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitors
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.20) inhibitors
  A acyl-CoA:1,2-diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.20 (diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor
  A 1,2-diacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitors
  A diglyceride O-acyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.20 inhibitors
  A palmitoyl-CoA-sn-1,2-diacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitor
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase inhibitors
  A 1,2-diacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitor
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.20) inhibitor
  A diglyceride O-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A palmitoyl-CoA-sn-1,2-diacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitors
  A diacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitor
  A diglyceride acyltransferase inhibitors
  A acyl-CoA:1,2-diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase inhibitors
  A DGAT inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63158
  A mitochondrial carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 inhibitors
  A carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 inhibitors
  A mitochondrial carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 inhibitor
  A carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.21) inhibitors
  A palmitoyl-CoA:L-carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase inhibitors
  A carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase inhibitors
  A CPT-B inhibitors
  A carnitine palmitoyltransferase inhibitors
  A CPTo inhibitor
  A palmitoylcarnitine transferase inhibitor
  A carnitine palmitoyltransferase II inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.21 (carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitors
  A CPT I (outer membrane carnitine palmitoyl transferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.21 inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.21 inhibitors
  A carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.21) inhibitor
  A acylcarnitine transferase inhibitor
  A CPT inhibitors
  A CTP-1 inhibitors
  A carnitine palmitoyltransferase-A inhibitor
  A carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 inhibitor
  A carnitine palmitoyltransferase-A inhibitors
  A L-carnitine palmitoyltransferase inhibitor
  A CPT-B inhibitor
  A CPT I (outer membrane carnitine palmitoyl transferase) inhibitors
  A carnitine palmitoyltransferase inhibitor
  A acylcarnitine transferase inhibitors
  A CPTi inhibitors
  A CPTo inhibitors
  A CPT inhibitor
  A outer malonyl-CoA inhibitable carnitine palmitoyltransferase inhibitor
  A CPT-A inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.21 (carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitor
  A outer malonyl-CoA inhibitable carnitine palmitoyltransferase inhibitors
  A palmitoyl-CoA:L-carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase inhibitor
  A carnitine palmitoyltransferase II inhibitor
  A CPTi inhibitor
  A carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase inhibitor
  A CTP-1 inhibitor
  A CPT-A inhibitor
  A L-carnitine palmitoyltransferase inhibitors
  A palmitoylcarnitine transferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_62530
  A acyl-CoA:sphingosine N-acyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.24 inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.24 inhibitors
  A ceramide synthetase inhibitors
  A sphingosine acyltransferase inhibitor
  A sphingosine N-acyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.24) inhibitor
  A sphingosine N-acyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.24) inhibitors
  A ceramide synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.24 (sphingosine N-acyltransferase) inhibitors
  A sphingosine N-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.24 (sphingosine N-acyltransferase) inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA:sphingosine N-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A ceramide synthase inhibitor
  A sphingosine acyltransferase inhibitors
  A sphingosine N-acyltransferase inhibitors
  A ceramide synthase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_64696
  A acyl-CoA:cholesterol O-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.26 inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor
  A sterol O-acyltransferase inhibitors
  A sterol-ester synthase inhibitors
  A cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor
  A acylcoenzyme A:cholesterol O-acyltransferase inhibitors
  A ACAT inhibitor
  A acylcoenzyme A:cholesterol O-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitors
  A cholesterol ester synthetase inhibitor
  A cholesteryl ester synthetase inhibitor
  A sterol O-acyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.26) inhibitors
  A sterol-ester synthase inhibitor
  A sterol O-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A acyl coenzyme A-cholesterol-O-acyltransferase inhibitors
  A cholesteryl ester synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.26 inhibitors
  A sterol-ester synthetase inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitors
  A sterol-ester synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.26 (sterol O-acyltransferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.26 (sterol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor
  A sterol O-acyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.26) inhibitor
  A ACAT inhibitors
  A acyl coenzyme A-cholesterol-O-acyltransferase inhibitor
  A cholesterol ester synthase inhibitor
  A cholesterol ester synthase inhibitors
  A cholesterol ester synthetase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76395
  A histone transacetylase inhibitor
  A HAT inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.48 (histone acetyltransferase) inhibitors
  A histone acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.48 (histone acetyltransferase) inhibitor
  A histone acetylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.48 inhibitor
  A histone acetylase inhibitors
  A histone acetyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.48) inhibitor
  A histone acetokinase inhibitor
  A histone transacetylase inhibitors
  A histone acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A HAT inhibitors
  A nucleosome-histone acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A acetyl-CoA:histone acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.48 inhibitors
  A histone acetokinase inhibitors
  A nucleosome-histone acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A histone acetyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.48) inhibitors
  A acetyl-CoA:histone acetyltransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_84799
  A indoleamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A acetyl CoA-arylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A arylamine acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A 2-naphthylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A beta-naphthylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A acetyl CoA-arylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.5 (arylamine N-acetyltransferase) inhibitors
  A arylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A p-aminosalicylate N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A arylamine acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A arylamine acetylase inhibitors
  A arylamine N-acetyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.5) inhibitors
  A serotonin acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A 2-naphthylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A serotonin N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A p-aminosalicylate N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.5 inhibitora
  A arylamine acetylase inhibitor
  A serotonin acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A indoleamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A beta-naphthylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.5 (arylamine N-acetyltransferase) inhibitor
  A 4-aminobiphenyl N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.5 inhibitor
  A acetyl-CoA:arylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A acetyl-CoA:arylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
  A serotonin N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A arylamine N-acetyltransferase inhibitors
  A arylamine N-acetyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.5) inhibitor
  A 4-aminobiphenyl N-acetyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_59647
  A serine C-palmitoyltransferase inhibitors
  A SPT inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.50 inhibitors
  A serine palmitoyltransferase inhibitors
  A SPT inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA:serine C-2 acyltransferase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.50 (serine C-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitor
  A serine C-palmitoyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.50) inhibitor
  A 3-oxosphinganine synthetase inhibitors
  A serine C-palmitoyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.50) inhibitors
  A serine palmitoyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.50 (serine C-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitors
  A 3-oxosphinganine synthetase inhibitor
  A palmitoyl-CoA:L-serine C-palmitoyltransferase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A palmitoyl-CoA:L-serine C-palmitoyltransferase (decarboxylating) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.50 inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA:serine C-2 acyltransferase (decarboxylating) inhibitors
  A serine C-palmitoyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_71476
  A acyl-CoA:malonyl-CoA C-acyltransferase (decarboxylating, oxoacyl- and enoyl-reducing and thioester-hydrolysing) inhibitors
  A fatty acid synthase inhibitor
  A fatty acid synthase (EC 2.3.1.85) inhibitor
  A (FAS) inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA:malonyl-CoA C-acyltransferase (decarboxylating, oxoacyl- and enoyl-reducing and thioester-hydrolysing) inhibitor
  A fatty acid synthase (EC 2.3.1.85) inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitors
  A fatty acid synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.85 inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.85 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78691
  A tetradecanoyl-CoA:glycylpeptide N-tetradecanoyltransferase inhibitor
  A myristoyl-coenzyme A:protein N-myristoyl transferase inhibitor
  A peptide N-myristoyltransferase inhibitors
  A myristoyl-CoA-protein N-myristoyltransferase inhibitors
  A myristoyl-coenzyme A:protein N-myristoyl transferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.1.97 (glycylpeptide N-tetradecanoyltransferase) inhibitors
  A peptide N-myristoyltransferase inhibitor
  A tetradecanoyl-CoA:glycylpeptide N-tetradecanoyltransferase inhibitors
  A myristoyl-CoA-protein N-myristoyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.1.97 (glycylpeptide N-tetradecanoyltransferase) inhibitor
  A protein N-myristoyltransferase inhibitors
  A protein N-myristoyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64697
  A acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase 2 inhibitors
  A ACAT-2 inhibitors
  A ACAT-2 inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase 2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_72716
  A transglutaminase-2 inhibitors
  A fibrinoligase inhibitors
  A protein-glutamine:amine gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitors
  A TGase inhibitor
  A transglutaminase-2 inhibitor
  A protein-glutamine:amine gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitor
  A protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitor
  A TG2 inhibitor
  A TG-2 inhibitors
  A protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitors
  A fibrin stabilizing factor inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.2.13 inhibitor
  A tissue transglutaminase inhibitors
  A Factor XIIIa inhibitor
  A transglutaminase inhibitors
  A R-glutaminyl-peptide:amine gamma-glutamyl transferase inhibitor
  A tissue transglutaminase inhibitor
  A protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase (EC 2.3.2.13) inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.2.13 inhibitors
  A TGase inhibitors
  A protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase (EC 2.3.2.13) inhibitor
  A glutaminylpeptide gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitors
  A fibrinoligase inhibitor
  A transglutaminase inhibitor
  A TG2 inhibitors
  A polyamine transglutaminase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.2.13 (protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.2.13 (protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitors
  A fibrin stabilizing factor inhibitor
  A TG-2 inhibitor
  A glutaminylpeptide gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitor
  A polyamine transglutaminase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_74570
  A (5-L-glutamyl)-peptide:amino-acid 5-glutamyltransferase inhibitor
  A gamma-GPT inhibitors
  A GGT inhibitors
  A glutamyl transpeptidase inhibitor
  A gamma-glutamyl peptidyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.2.2 (gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitor
  A L-glutamyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.2.2 inhibitor
  A gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase inhibitor
  A (5-L-glutamyl)-peptide:amino-acid 5-glutamyltransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase inhibitor
  A gamma-GTP inhibitor
  A L-gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitor
  A gamma-GPT inhibitor
  A gamma-glutamyltransferase (EC 2.3.2.2) inhibitor
  A gamma-glutamyl peptidyltransferase inhibitors
  A L-gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase inhibitors
  A L-gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase inhibitors
  A glutamyl transpeptidase inhibitors
  A GGT inhibitor
  A alpha-glutamyl transpeptidase inhibitors
  A gamma-GT inhibitor
  A gamma-GT inhibitors
  A gamma-glutamyltransferase (EC 2.3.2.2) inhibitors
  A gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.2.2 inhibitors
  A gamma-GTP inhibitors
  A alpha-glutamyl transpeptidase inhibitor
  A L-gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.2.2 (gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitors
  A gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-glutamyltransferase inhibitor
  A L-glutamyltransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77023
  A citrate oxaloacetate-lyase [(pro-3S)-CH2COO->acetyl-CoA] inhibitor
  A citric synthase inhibitor
  A citrate oxaloacetate-lyase, CoA-acetylating inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.3.1 inhibitor
  A oxalacetic transacetase inhibitor
  A citrate (Si)-synthase (EC 2.3.3.1) inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.3.1 [citrate (Si)-synthase] inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.3.1 (citrate (Si)-synthase) inhibitors
  A citrate synthase inhibitors
  A condensing enzyme inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.3.1 [citrate (Si)-synthase] inhibitors
  A citrogenase inhibitor
  A citric-condensing enzyme inhibitors
  A oxaloacetate transacetase inhibitor
  A EC 2.3.3.1 (citrate (Si)-synthase) inhibitor
  A citrate condensing enzyme inhibitor
  A citrate synthetase inhibitor
  A (R)-citrate synthase inhibitor
  A citrate oxaloacetate-lyase [(pro-3S)-CH2COO->acetyl-CoA] inhibitors
  A oxalacetic transacetase inhibitors
  A citric synthase inhibitors
  A citrate (Si)-synthase (EC 2.3.3.1) inhibitors
  A citrate condensing enzyme inhibitors
  A citrate synthase inhibitor
  A citrate oxaloacetate-lyase, CoA-acetylating inhibitor
  A citrogenase inhibitors
  A citric-condensing enzyme inhibitor
  A citrate synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 2.3.3.1 inhibitors
  A acetyl-CoA:oxaloacetate C-acetyltransferase [thioester-hydrolysing, (pro-S)-carboxymethyl forming] inhibitor
  A (R)-citrate synthase inhibitors
  A acetyl-CoA:oxaloacetate C-acetyltransferase [thioester-hydrolysing, (pro-S)-carboxymethyl forming] inhibitors
  A condensing enzyme inhibitor
  A oxaloacetate transacetase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76789
  A hexosyltransferase inhibitor
  A hexosyltransferase (EC 2.4.1.*) inhibitor
  A hexosyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.* (hexosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.* (hexosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A hexosyltransferase (EC 2.4.1.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76790
  A pentosyltransferase (EC 2.4.2.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.* (pentosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.* (pentosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A pentosyltransferase inhibitors
  A pentosyltransferase inhibitor
  A pentosyltransferase (EC 2.4.2.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76882
  A glycosyltransferases transferring other glycosyl groups (EC 2.4.99.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.99.* (glycosyltransferases transferring other glycosyl groups) inhibitor
  A glycosyltransferases transferring other glycosyl groups (EC 2.4.99.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.99.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.99.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.99.* (glycosyltransferases transferring other glycosyl groups) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_62887
  A tankyrase inhibitors
  A tankyrase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_84800
  A muscle phosphorylase a and b inhibitor
  A amylophosphorylase inhibitor
  A maltodextrin phosphorylase inhibitor
  A muscle phosphorylase a and b inhibitors
  A maltodextrin phosphorylase inhibitors
  A 1,4-alpha-D-glucan:phosphate alpha-D-glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A glycogen phosphorylase inhibitor
  A glucan phosphorylase inhibitor
  A starch phosphorylase inhibitor
  A polyphosphorylase inhibitors
  A alpha-glucan phosphorylase inhibitor
  A polyphosphorylase inhibitor
  A glycogen phosphorylase (EC 2.4.1.1) inhibitors
  A 1,4-alpha-glucan phosphorylase inhibitor
  A potato phosphorylase inhibitors
  A 1,4-alpha-D-glucan:phosphate alpha-D-glucosyltransferase inhibitors
  A amylopectin phosphorylase inhibitors
  A muscle phosphorylase inhibitors
  A (1->4)-alpha-D-glucan:phosphate alpha-D-glucosyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.1 inhibitors
  A phosphorylase inhibitors
  A glycogen phosphorylase (EC 2.4.1.1) inhibitor
  A amylopectin phosphorylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.1 (glycogen phosphorylase) inhibitors
  A glucosan phosphorylase inhibitor
  A myophosphorylase inhibitors
  A starch phosphorylase inhibitors
  A granulose phosphorylase inhibitor
  A glucosan phosphorylase inhibitors
  A potato phosphorylase inhibitor
  A glycogen phosphorylase inhibitors
  A glucan phosphorylase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.1 inhibitor
  A 1,4-alpha-glucan phosphorylase inhibitors
  A muscle phosphorylase inhibitor
  A (1->4)-alpha-D-glucan:phosphate alpha-D-glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A alpha-glucan phosphorylase inhibitors
  A granulose phosphorylase inhibitors
  A myophosphorylase inhibitor
  A amylophosphorylase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.1 (glycogen phosphorylase) inhibitor
  A phosphorylase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50696
  A penicillin binding protein 3 inhibitor
  A peptidoglycan glycosyltransferase inhibitors
  A peptidoglycan transglycosylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.129 (peptidoglycan glycosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A peptidoglycan transglycosylase inhibitors
  A undecaprenyldiphospho-(N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-muramoylpentapeptide):undecaprenyldiphospho-(N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-muramoylpentapeptide) disaccharidetransferase inhibitor
  A penicillin binding protein 1B inhibitors
  A penicillin binding protein 3 inhibitors
  A bactoprenyldiphospho-N-acetylmuramoyl-(N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl)-pentapeptide:peptidoglycan N-acetylmuramoyl-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyltransferase inhibitor
  A peptidoglycan glycosyltransferase (EC 2.4.1.129) inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.129 (peptidoglycan glycosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A peptidoglycan glycosyltransferase inhibitor
  A undecaprenyldiphospho-(N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-muramoylpentapeptide):undecaprenyldiphospho-(N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-muramoylpentapeptide) disaccharidetransferase inhibitors
  A penicillin binding protein 1B inhibitor
  A PBP3 inhibitor
  A peptidoglycan glycosyltransferase (EC 2.4.1.129) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.129 inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.129 inhibitors
  A PG-II inhibitor
  A [poly-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-(N-acetyl-D-muramoylpentapeptide)]-diphosphoundecaprenol:[N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-muramoylpentapeptide]-diphosphoundecaprenol disaccharidetransferase inhibitor
  A bactoprenyldiphospho-N-acetylmuramoyl-(N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl)-pentapeptide:peptidoglycan N-acetylmuramoyl-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyltransferase inhibitors
  A [poly-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-(N-acetyl-D-muramoylpentapeptide)]-diphosphoundecaprenol:[N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-muramoylpentapeptide]-diphosphoundecaprenol disaccharidetransferase inhibitors
  A PG-II inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_59672
  A EC 2.4.1.16 inhibitors
  A chitin-UDP N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase inhibitors
  A trans-N-acetylglucosaminosylase inhibitor
  A chitin-uridine diphosphate acetylglucosaminyltransferase inhibitors
  A chitin-UDP N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase inhibitor
  A trans-N-acetylglucosaminosylase inhibitors
  A chitin synthetase inhibitor
  A chitin synthase (EC 2.4.1.16) inhibitor
  A chitin-uridine diphosphate acetylglucosaminyltransferase inhibitor
  A chitin-UDP acetyl-glucosaminyl transferase inhibitors
  A chitin synthetase inhibitors
  A chitin synthase (EC 2.4.1.16) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.16 (chitin synthase) inhibitors
  A chitin synthase inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine:chitin 4-beta-N-acetylglucosaminyl-transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.16 inhibitor
  A chitin synthase inhibitors
  A chitin synthesis inhibitors
  A chitin-UDP acetyl-glucosaminyl transferase inhibitor
  A chitin synthesis inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.16 (chitin synthase) inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine:chitin 4-beta-N-acetylglucosaminyl-transferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_133811
  A EC 2.4.1.17 inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphoglucuronosyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDP-glucuronyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDP-glucuronate beta-D-glucuronosyltransferase (acceptor-unspecific) inhibitors
  A UDP glucuronosyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDPGA transferase inhibitors
  A 17beta-hydroxysteroid UDP-glucuronosyltransferase inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphoglucuronyltransferase inhibitors
  A 1-naphthol-UDP-glucuronosyltransferase inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphate glucuronyltransferase inhibitors
  A 3-OH androgenic UDPGT inhibitors
  A UDP glucuronyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.17 (glucuronosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A glucuronosyltransferase inhibitors
  A 3alpha-hydroxysteroid UDP-glucuronosyltransferase inhibitors
  A uridine 5'-diphosphoglucuronyltransferase inhibitors
  A 4-hydroxybiphenyl UDP-glucuronosyltransferase inhibitor
  A 17beta-hydroxysteroid UDP-glucuronosyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDPGA transferase inhibitor
  A 4-hydroxybiphenyl UDP-glucuronosyltransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-alpha-D-glucuronate beta-D-glucuronosyltransferase (acceptor-unspecific; conformation-inverting) inhibitor
  A 1-naphthol glucuronyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.17 inhibitor
  A UDP glucuronic acid transferase inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphate glucuronyltransferase inhibitor
  A 17-OH steroid UDPGT inhibitors
  A UDP-glucuronyltransferase inhibitors
  A 1-naphthol-UDP-glucuronosyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDPGA-glucuronyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDPGT inhibitors
  A UDP-glucuronate beta-D-glucuronosyltransferase (acceptor-unspecific) inhibitor
  A uridine diphosphoglucuronyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDP glucuronosyltransferase inhibitors
  A 17-OH steroid UDPGT inhibitor
  A UDP-alpha-D-glucuronate beta-D-glucuronosyltransferase (acceptor-unspecific; conformation-inverting) inhibitors
  A UDPGT inhibitor
  A uridine diphosphoglucuronosyltransferase inhibitors
  A 3-OH androgenic UDPGT inhibitor
  A uridine 5'-diphosphoglucuronyltransferase inhibitor
  A 3alpha-hydroxysteroid UDP-glucuronosyltransferase inhibitor
  A glucuronosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.17 (glucuronosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A 1-naphthol glucuronyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDPGA-glucuronyltransferase inhibitors
  A UDP glucuronyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_83757
  A EC 2.4.1.231 inhibitors
  A trehalose phosphorylase inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose:phosphate alpha-D-glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (configuration-retaining) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.231 inhibitor
  A trehalose phosphorylase inhibitor
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (configuration-retaining) (EC 2.4.1.231) inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (configuration-retaining) inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.231 [alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (configuration-retaining)] inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (configuration-retaining) (EC 2.4.1.231) inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.231 [alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (configuration-retaining)] inhibitor
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose:phosphate alpha-D-glucosyltransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_83760
  A EC 2.4.1.64 inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.64 (alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase) inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (EC 2.4.1.64) inhibitors
  A trehalose phosphorylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.64 inhibitor
  A trehalose phosphorylase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.64 (alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase) inhibitor
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose:phosphate beta-D-glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose:phosphate beta-D-glucosyltransferase inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (EC 2.4.1.64) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50382
  A UDP-glucose:N-acylsphingosine D-glucosyltransferase inhibitors
  A ceramide glucosyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.1.80 (ceramide glucosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.80 inhibitors
  A UDP-glucose:ceramide glucosyltransferase inhibitors
  A ceramide glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.80 inhibitor
  A ceramide:UDPGlc glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A uridine diphosphoglucose-ceramide glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.1.80 (ceramide glucosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A glucosylceramide synthase inhibitor
  A glucosylceramide synthase inhibitors
  A ceramide glucosyltransferase (EC 2.4.1.80) inhibitor
  A ceramide:UDP-glucose glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A ceramide glucosyltransferase (EC 2.4.1.80) inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphoglucose-ceramide glucosyltransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-glucose:N-acylsphingosine D-glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDP-glucose:ceramide glucosyltransferase inhibitor
  A ceramide:UDP-glucose glucosyltransferase inhibitors
  A ceramide:UDPGlc glucosyltransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_83762
  A alpha,alpha-trehalase (EC 3.2.1.28) inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.28 inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.28 (alpha,alpha-trehalase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.28 inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.28 (alpha,alpha-trehalase) inhibitors
  A alpha,alpha-trehalase (EC 3.2.1.28) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63090
  A PUNPI inhibitors
  A purine-nucleoside phosphorylase inhibitor
  A nucleotide phosphatase inhibitors
  A inosine phosphorylase inhibitor
  A purine-nucleoside phosphorylase (EC 2.4.2.1) inhibitors
  A PUNPII inhibitor
  A PNPase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.1 inhibitor
  A PNPase inhibitors
  A purine ribonucleoside phosphorylase inhibitor
  A purine deoxynucleoside phosphorylase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.1 (purine-nucleoside phosphorylase) inhibitor
  A inosine-guanosine phosphorylase inhibitors
  A PUNPI inhibitor
  A purine deoxynucleoside phosphorylase inhibitor
  A PUNPII inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.1 (purine-nucleoside phosphorylase) inhibitors
  A purine-nucleoside phosphorylase (EC 2.4.2.1) inhibitor
  A purine nucleoside phosphorylase inhibitor
  A purine-nucleoside:phosphate ribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A purine deoxyribonucleoside phosphorylase inhibitors
  A inosine-guanosine phosphorylase inhibitor
  A inosine phosphorylase inhibitors
  A purine-nucleoside:phosphate ribosyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.1 inhibitors
  A purine ribonucleoside phosphorylase inhibitors
  A purine nucleoside phosphorylase inhibitors
  A purine-nucleoside phosphorylase inhibitors
  A nucleotide phosphatase inhibitor
  A purine deoxyribonucleoside phosphorylase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_62913
  A poly(adenosine diphosphate ribose) polymerase inhibitors
  A poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A ADP-ribosyltransferase (polymerising) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A PARP
  A ADP-ribosyltransferase (polymerizing) inhibitors
  A NAD(+):poly(ADP-D-ribosyl)-acceptor ADP-D-ribosyl-transferase inhibitors
  A poly(adenosine diphosphate ribose) polymerase inhibitor
  A NAD(+):poly(adenosine-diphosphate-D-ribosyl)-acceptor ADP-D-ribosyl-transferase inhibitors
  A poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibitors
  A PARPs
  A NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.30 inhibitors
  A NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase (EC 2.4.2.30) inhibitor
  A poly(ADP-ribose) synthase inhibitor
  A NAD(+):poly(ADP-D-ribosyl)-acceptor ADP-D-ribosyl-transferase inhibitor
  A NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase inhibitors
  A ADP-ribosyltransferase (polymerising) inhibitor
  A poly(ADP-ribose) synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.30 inhibitor
  A NAD(+):poly(adenosine-diphosphate-D-ribosyl)-acceptor ADP-D-ribosyl-transferase inhibitor
  A poly(ADP-ribose) synthetase inhibitors
  A poly(ADP-ribose) synthetase inhibitor
  A NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase (EC 2.4.2.30) inhibitors
  A ADP-ribosyltransferase (polymerizing) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90878
  A thymidine-orthophosphate deoxyribosyltransferase inhibitors
  A pyrimidine phosphorylase inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.4 (thymidine phosphorylase) inhibitor
  A thymidine:phosphate deoxy-alpha-D-ribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.4 inhibitors
  A thymidine:phosphate deoxy-D-ribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A deoxythymidine phosphorylase inhibitor
  A thymidine phosphorylase inhibitors
  A thymidine:phosphate deoxy-alpha-D-ribosyltransferase inhibitors
  A pyrimidine deoxynucleoside phosphorylase inhibitors
  A pyrimidine phosphorylase inhibitor
  A pyrimidine deoxynucleoside phosphorylase inhibitor
  A thymidine-orthophosphate deoxyribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.4 (thymidine phosphorylase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.4.2.4 inhibitor
  A deoxythymidine phosphorylase inhibitors
  A thymidine phosphorylase inhibitor
  A thymidine:phosphate deoxy-D-ribosyltransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_136537
  A IMP pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.8 inhibitors
  A 6-hydroxypurine phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A inosinate pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitors
  A hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase (EC 2.4.2.8) inhibitor
  A purine-6-thiol phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A inosinic acid pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A guanosine 5'-phosphate pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A GMP pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.8 (hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A guanosine phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A GPRT inhibitor
  A guanine phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A inosine 5'-phosphate pyrophosphorylas inhibitore
  A guanine-hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.8 inhibitor
  A guanylate pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A IMP:diphosphate phospho-D-ribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase (EC 2.4.2.8) inhibitors
  A transphosphoribosidase inhibitor
  A HPRT inhibitor
  A hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.4.2.8 (hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A 6-mercaptopurine phosphoribosyltransferase inhibitor
  A inosinic pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A guanylic pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A HGPRTase inhibitor
  A IMP-GMP pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_62915
  A sialyltransferase inhibitors
  A sialyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76663
  A non-methyl alkyl/aryl transferase inhibitors
  A non-methyl alkyl/aryl transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.* inhibitors
  A non-methyl alkyl/aryl transferase (EC 2.5.1.*) inhibitors
  A alkyl/aryl (non-methyl) transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.* (non-methyl-alkyl or aryl transferase) inhibitor
  A non-methyl alkyl/aryl transferase (EC 2.5.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.* (non-methyl-alkyl or aryl transferase) inhibitors
  A non-methyl-alkyl or aryl transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.* inhibitor
  A non-methyl-alkyl or aryl transferase inhibitors
  A alkyl/aryl (non-methyl) transferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50643
  A EC 2.5.1.1 (dimethylallyltranstransferase) inhibitors
  A geranyl pyrophosphate synthase inhibitors
  A DMAPP:IPP-dimethylallyltransferase inhibitors
  A diprenyltransferase inhibitors
  A trans-farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase inhibitors
  A dimethylallyltransferase inhibitors
  A (2E,6E)-farnesyl diphosphate synthetase inhibitors
  A dimethylallyltranstransferase (EC 2.5.1.1) inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.1 inhibitors
  A geranyl pyrophosphate synthase inhibitor
  A geranyl pyrophosphate synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.1 inhibitor
  A dimethylallyltransferase inhibitor
  A trans-farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase inhibitor
  A (2E,6E)-farnesyl diphosphate synthetase inhibitor
  A dimethylallyltranstransferase inhibitor
  A dimethylallyltranstransferase inhibitors
  A dimethylallyl-diphosphate:isopentenyl-diphosphate dimethylallyltranstransferase inhibitor
  A geranyl pyrophosphate synthetase inhibitors
  A geranyl-diphosphate synthase inhibitor
  A dimethylallyltranstransferase (EC 2.5.1.1) inhibitor
  A dimethylallyl-diphosphate:isopentenyl-diphosphate dimethylallyltranstransferase inhibitors
  A prenyltransferase inhibitor
  A diprenyltransferase inhibitor
  A prenyltransferase inhibitors
  A geranyl-diphosphate synthase inhibitors
  A DMAPP:IPP-dimethylallyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.1 (dimethylallyltranstransferase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50502
  A 2-amino-4-hydroxy-6-hydroxymethyl-7,8-dihydropteridine-diphosphate:4-aminobenzoate 2-amino-4-hydroxydihydropteridine-6-methenyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.15 inhibitors
  A dihydropteroate synthase inhibitor
  A 7,8-dihydropteroate synthase inhibitors
  A 7,8-dihydropteroic acid synthetase inhibitor
  A (2-amino-4-hydroxy-7,8-dihydropteridin-6-yl)methyl-diphosphate:4-aminobenzoate 2-amino-4-hydroxydihydropteridine-6-methenyltransferase inhibitors
  A dihydropteroate diphosphorylase inhibitors
  A DHPS inhibitor
  A dihydropteroate synthetase inhibitor
  A DHPS inhibitors
  A dihydropteroate synthase (EC 2.5.1.15) inhibitors
  A dihydropteroate synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitors
  A dihydropteroate pyrophosphorylase inhibitors
  A dihydropteroate diphosphorylase inhibitor
  A 7,8-dihydropteroate synthetase inhibitors
  A 2-amino-4-hydroxy-6-hydroxymethyl-7,8-dihydropteridine-diphosphate:4-aminobenzoate 2-amino-4-hydroxydihydropteridine-6-methenyltransferase inhibitor
  A 7,8-dihydropteroate synthetase inhibitor
  A 7,8-dihydropteroate synthase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor
  A dihydropteroate synthetase inhibitors
  A (2-amino-4-hydroxy-7,8-dihydropteridin-6-yl)methyl-diphosphate:4-aminobenzoate 2-amino-4-hydroxydihydropteridine-6-methenyltransferase inhibitor
  A dihydropteroic synthetase inhibitors
  A dihydropteroate synthase (EC 2.5.1.15) inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.15 inhibitor
  A 7,8-dihydropteroic acid synthetase inhibitors
  A dihydropteroate pyrophosphorylase inhibitor
  A dihydropteroic synthetase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76797
  A RX:glutathione R-transferase inhibitor
  A RX:glutathione R-transferase inhibitors
  A glutathione transferase (EC 2.5.1.18) inhibitors
  A glutathione S-aralkyltransferase inhibitor
  A glutathione S-transferase inhibitor
  A glutathione S-aryltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.18 inhibitors
  A glutathione S-aryltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.18 inhibitor
  A S-(hydroxyalkyl)glutathione lyase inhibitor
  A glutathione S-aralkyltransferase inhibitors
  A glutathione S-transferase inhibitors
  A glutathione S-alkyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitors
  A glutathione S-alkyltransferase inhibitors
  A S-(hydroxyalkyl)glutathione lyase inhibitors
  A glutathione S-alkyl transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor
  A glutathione S-alkyl transferase inhibitors
  A glutathione transferase (EC 2.5.1.18) inhibitor
  A glutathione transferase inhibitor
  A glutathione transferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_20569
  A EC 2.5.1.19 inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.19 (3-phosphoshikimate 1-carboxyvinyltransferase) inhibitors
  A 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase inhibitors
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:3-phosphoshikimate 5-O-(1-carboxyvinyl)-transferase inhibitor
  A EPSP synthase inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:3-phosphoshikimate 5-O-(1-carboxyvinyl)-transferase inhibitors
  A 3-phosphoshikimate 1-carboxyvinyltransferase (EC 2.5.1.19) inhibitors
  A 3-phosphoshikimate 1-carboxyvinyltransferase (EC 2.5.1.19) inhibitor
  A 3-phosphoshikimate 1-carboxyvinyltransferase inhibitors
  A 3-enol-pyruvoylshikimate-5-phosphate synthase inhibitors
  A 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase inhibitor
  A EPSP synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.19 inhibitor
  A 3-phosphoshikimate 1-carboxyvinyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.19 (3-phosphoshikimate 1-carboxyvinyltransferase) inhibitor
  A 3-enol-pyruvoylshikimate-5-phosphate synthase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75174
  A farnesyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.21 (squalene synthase) inhibitor
  A squalene synthase (EC 2.5.1.21) inhibitor
  A SQS inhibitor
  A farnesyl-diphosphate:farnesyl-diphosphate farnesyltransferase inhibitor
  A presqualene synthase inhibitor
  A squalene synthetase inhibitors
  A presqualene synthase inhibitors
  A squalene synthetase inhibitor
  A squalene synthase (EC 2.5.1.21) inhibitors
  A farnesyl-diphosphate farnesyltransferase inhibitor
  A farnesyl-diphosphate farnesyltransferase inhibitors
  A presqualene-diphosphate synthase inhibitor
  A SQS inhibitors
  A squalene synthase inhibitors
  A farnesyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.21 (squalene synthase) inhibitors
  A presqualene-diphosphate synthase inhibitors
  A squalene synthase inhibitor
  A farnesyl-diphosphate:farnesyl-diphosphate farnesyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.21 inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.21 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64411
  A geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthase inhibitor
  A geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthetase inhibitor
  A GGPP synthase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.29 (geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.29 inhibitors
  A (2E,6E)-farnesyl-diphosphate:isopentenyl-diphosphate farnesyltranstransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.29 inhibitor
  A (2E,6E)-farnesyl-diphosphate:isopentenyl-diphosphate farnesyltranstransferase inhibitors
  A geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthetase inhibitors
  A geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase inhibitor
  A geranylgeranyl-PP synthetase inhibitor
  A geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthase inhibitors
  A farnesyltransferase inhibitor
  A farnesyltransferase inhibitors
  A GGPP synthase inhibitors
  A geranylgeranyl-PP synthetase inhibitors
  A geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase (EC 2.5.1.29) inhibitor
  A geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase inhibitors
  A geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase (EC 2.5.1.29) inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.29 (geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_85618
  A ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl-diphosphate synthase inhibitors
  A undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthetase inhibitor
  A UPP synthetase inhibitors
  A ditrans,polycis-undecaprenylcistransferase inhibitors
  A UPP synthetase inhibitor
  A undecaprenyl-diphosphate synthase inhibitor
  A ditrans,polycis-undecaprenylcistransferase inhibitor
  A undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthase inhibitor
  A undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthetase inhibitors
  A (2E,6E)-farnesyl-diphosphate:isopentenyl-diphosphate cistransferase (adding 8 isopentenyl units) inhibitor
  A undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthase inhibitors
  A (2E,6E)-farnesyl-diphosphate:isopentenyl-diphosphate cistransferase (adding 8 isopentenyl units) inhibitors
  A undecaprenyl-diphosphate synthase inhibitors
  A undecaprenyl diphosphate synthetase inhibitor
  A bactoprenyl-diphosphate synthase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.31 inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.31 inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.31 {ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl-diphosphate synthase [(2E,6E)-farnesyl-diphosphate specific]} inhibitor
  A undecaprenyl diphosphate synthetase inhibitors
  A ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl-diphosphate synthase inhibitor
  A bactoprenyl-diphosphate synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.31 {ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl-diphosphate synthase [(2E,6E)-farnesyl-diphosphate specific]} inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_133895
  A EC 2.5.1.46 inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.46 (deoxyhypusine synthase) inhibitors
  A spermidine dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A DHS inhibitors
  A spermidine:eIF5A-lysine 4-aminobutyltransferase (propane-1,3-diamine-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.46 (deoxyhypusine synthase) inhibitor
  A (4-aminobutyl)lysine synthase inhibitors
  A spermidine:eIF5A-lysine 4-aminobutyltransferase (propane-1,3-diamine-forming) inhibitors
  A [eIF5A-precursor]-lysine:spermidine 4-aminobutyltransferase (propane-1,3-diamine-forming) inhibitor
  A spermidine dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A [eIF-5A]-deoxyhypusine synthase inhibitor
  A (4-aminobutyl)lysine synthase inhibitor
  A DHS inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.46 inhibitors
  A [eIF-5A]-deoxyhypusine synthase inhibitors
  A [eIF5A-precursor]-lysine:spermidine 4-aminobutyltransferase (propane-1,3-diamine-forming) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_137566
  A O-succinyl-L-homoserine succinate-lyase (adding cysteine) inhibitor
  A homoserine transsuccinylase inhibitors
  A 4-O-succinyl-L-homoserine:L-cysteine S-(3-amino-3-carboxypropyl)transferase inhibitor
  A O-succinylhomoserine synthase inhibitors
  A O-succinylhomoserine (thiol)-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.48 (cystathionine gamma-synthase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.48 (cystathionine gamma-synthase) inhibitor
  A homoserine O-transsuccinylase inhibitor
  A cystathionine synthase inhibitor
  A O-succinylhomoserine synthase inhibitor
  A O-succinyl-L-homoserine succinate-lyase (adding cysteine) inhibitors
  A O(4)-succinyl-L-homoserine:L-cysteine S-(3-amino-3-carboxypropyl)transferase inhibitor
  A O-succinylhomoserine synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.48 inhibitors
  A O(4)-succinyl-L-homoserine:L-cysteine S-(3-amino-3-carboxypropyl)transferase inhibitors
  A homoserine O-transsuccinylase inhibitors
  A cystathionine gamma-synthase inhibitors
  A O-succinylhomoserine (thiol)-lyase inhibitors
  A cystathionine gamma-synthase inhibitor
  A O-succinylhomoserine synthetase inhibitor
  A cystathionine synthetase inhibitors
  A cystathionine synthase inhibitors
  A homoserine transsuccinylase inhibitor
  A 4-O-succinyl-L-homoserine:L-cysteine S-(3-amino-3-carboxypropyl)transferase inhibitors
  A cystathionine synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.48 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77089
  A O-acetylhomoserine aminocarboxypropyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.49 inhibitor
  A O-acetyl-L-homoserine:methanethiol 3-amino-3-carboxypropyltransferase inhibitors
  A methionine synthase inhibitor
  A O-acetyl-L-homoserine sulfhydrolase inhibitor
  A O-acetylhomoserine sulfhydrolase inhibitor
  A O-acetylhomoserine sulfhydrolase inhibitors
  A O-acetyl-L-homoserine sulfhydrolase inhibitors
  A O-acetylhomoserine aminocarboxypropyltransferase (EC 2.5.1.49) inhibitors
  A methionine synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.49 (O-acetylhomoserine aminocarboxypropyltransferase) inhibitor
  A O-acetyl-L-homoserine:methanethiol 3-amino-3-carboxypropyltransferase inhibitor
  A O-acetylhomoserine (thiol)-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.49 (O-acetylhomoserine aminocarboxypropyltransferase) inhibitors
  A O-acetylhomoserine aminocarboxypropyltransferase inhibitor
  A O-acetylhomoserine aminocarboxypropyltransferase (EC 2.5.1.49) inhibitor
  A O-acetylhomoserine (thiol)-lyase inhibitors
  A O-acetyl-L-homoserine acetate-lyase (adding methanethiol) inhibitors
  A O-acetyl-L-homoserine acetate-lyase (adding methanethiol) inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.49 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_64133
  A EC 2.5.1.58 inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.58 inhibitors
  A farnesyl transferase inhibitor
  A protein farnesyltransferase (EC 2.5.1.58) inhibitor
  A farnesyl-diphosphate:protein-cysteine farnesyltransferase inhibitor
  A protein farnesyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor
  A farnesyl-diphosphate:protein-cysteine farnesyltransferase inhibitors
  A farnesyl transferase inhibitors
  A FTase inhibitors
  A farnesyltransferase inhibitor
  A protein farnesyltransferase (EC 2.5.1.58) inhibitors
  A FTase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitors
  A farnesyltransferase inhibitors
  A protein farnesyltransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_67267
  A EC 2.5.1.59 inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.59 (protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I) inhibitor
  A geranylgeranyl-diphosphate:protein-cysteine geranyltransferase inhibitors
  A GGTase I inhibitor
  A geranylgeranyl-diphosphate:protein-cysteine geranyltransferase inhibitor
  A GGTase I inhibitors
  A protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I inhibitors
  A geranylgeranyltransferase type I inhibitor
  A protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I (EC 2.5.1.59) inhibitor
  A geranylgeranyltransferase type I inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.59 (protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I) inhibitors
  A protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I inhibitor
  A protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I (EC 2.5.1.59) inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.59 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78756
  A methionine-activating enzyme inhibitor
  A methionine-activating enzyme inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.6 inhibitor
  A S-adenosylmethionine synthase inhibitor
  A methionine S-adenosyltransferase inhibitors
  A adenosylmethionine synthetase inhibitors
  A ATP:L-methionine S-adenosyltransferase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine synthetase inhibitor
  A AdoMet synthetase inhibitors
  A methionine S-adenosyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.6 (methionine adenosyltransferase) inhibitors
  A adenosylmethionine synthetase inhibitor
  A S-adenosylmethionine synthase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.6 inhibitors
  A S-adenosylmethionine synthetase inhibitors
  A AdoMet synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.6 (methionine adenosyltransferase) inhibitor
  A S-adenosylmethionine synthetase inhibitor
  A ATP:L-methionine S-adenosyltransferase inhibitors
  A ATP-methionine adenosyltransferase inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine synthetase inhibitors
  A ATP-methionine adenosyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78379
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase (EC 2.5.1.7) inhibitors
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:uridine diphosphate N-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyltransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyl-transferase inhibitors
  A phosphopyruvate-uridine diphosphoacetylglucosamine pyruvatetransferase inhibitors
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:uridine-5'-diphospho-N-acetyl-2-amino-2-deoxyglucose 3-enolpyruvyltransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine enoylpyruvyltransferase inhibitors
  A pyruvate-uridine diphospho-N-acetylglucosamine transferase inhibitors
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase (EC 2.5.1.7) inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:UDP-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-D-glucose 2-enoyl-1-carboxyethyltransferase inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate-UDP-acetylglucosamine-3-enolpyruvyltransferase inhibitor
  A phosphopyruvate-uridine diphosphoacetylglucosamine pyruvatetransferase inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase inhibitors
  A pyruvate-uridine diphospho-N-acetyl-glucosamine transferase inhibitor
  A pyruvate-uridine diphospho-N-acetylglucosamine transferase inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.7 (UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.7 inhibitors
  A pyruvic-uridine diphospho-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase inhibitors
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:uridine diphosphate N-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyltransferase inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine enoylpyruvyltransferase inhibitor
  A pyruvate-UDP-acetylglucosamine transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.7 (UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase) inhibitors
  A enoylpyruvate transferase inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:UDP-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-D-glucose 2-enoyl-1-carboxyethyltransferase inhibitors
  A pyruvate-UDP-acetylglucosamine transferase inhibitors
  A phosphoenolpyruvate-UDP-acetylglucosamine-3-enolpyruvyltransferase inhibitors
  A MurA transferase inhibitors
  A pyruvic-uridine diphospho-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:uridine-5'-diphospho-N-acetyl-2-amino-2-deoxyglucose 3-enolpyruvyltransferase inhibitor
  A enoylpyruvate transferase inhibitors
  A MurA transferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.7 inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyl-transferase inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase inhibitor
  A phosphoenolpyruvate:UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase inhibitor
  A pyruvate-uridine diphospho-N-acetyl-glucosamine transferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_60901
  A EC 2.5.1.9 (riboflavin synthase) inhibitor
  A riboflavin synthase (EC 2.5.1.9) inhibitor
  A light riboflavin synthase inhibitors
  A riboflavine synthase inhibitor
  A riboflavine synthetase inhibitors
  A riboflavin synthase (EC 2.5.1.9) inhibitors
  A riboflavin synthetase inhibitor
  A 6,7-dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine:6,7-dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine 2,3-butanediyltransferase inhibitor
  A riboflavin synthase inhibitors
  A riboflavine synthase inhibitors
  A heavy riboflavin synthase inhibitors
  A heavy riboflavin synthase inhibitor
  A 6,7-dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine:6,7-dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine 2,3-butanediyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.5.1.9 inhibitor
  A riboflavin synthase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.9 (riboflavin synthase) inhibitors
  A riboflavin synthetase inhibitors
  A light riboflavin synthase inhibitor
  A EC 2.5.1.9 inhibitors
  A riboflavine synthetase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76879
  A transaminase (EC 2.6.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.6.1.* (transaminase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.* (transaminase) inhibitors
  A transaminase (EC 2.6.1.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_63674
  A GABA--alpha-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A GABA--alpha-ketoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric transaminase inhibitor
  A GABA--oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid--2-oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A glutamate--succinic semialdehyde transaminase inhibitors
  A GABA--oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric transaminase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid transaminase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyrate:alpha-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyrate--alpha-ketoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A beta-alanine--oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A GABA--alpha-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate-2-oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.19 (4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate transaminase) inhibitors
  A 4-aminobutyrate transaminase inhibitors
  A gamma-amino-N-butyrate transaminase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate--2-ketoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A aminobutyrate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A beta-alanine--oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A GABA transferase inhibitor
  A GABA--alpha-ketoglutaric acid transaminase inhibitor
  A GABA--oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A EC 2.6.1.19 (4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate transaminase) inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutanoate:2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A aminobutyrate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A GABA--2-oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A GABA--oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A GABA aminotransferase inhibitor
  A GabT inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyrate transaminase inhibitors
  A aminobutyrate transaminase inhibitors
  A 4-aminobutyrate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A GABA transaminase inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyrate--alpha-ketoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyrate aminotransaminase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyrate aminotransaminase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid transaminase inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyrate--alpha-ketoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A 4-aminobutyric acid 2-ketoglutaric acid aminotransferase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyric acid aminotransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid aminotransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.6.1.19 inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate transaminase (EC 2.6.1.19) inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyrate transaminase inhibitor
  A gamma-amino-N-butyrate transaminase inhibitors
  A GABA transaminase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid pyruvate transaminase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid--alpha-ketoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A GABA--alpha-ketoglutaric acid transaminase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyrate:alpha-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid--alpha-ketoglutaric acid aminotransferase inhibitors
  A 4-aminobutyrate transaminase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid--alpha-ketoglutaric acid aminotransferase inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid aminotransferase inhibitor
  A beta-alanine aminotransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid--2-oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A GABA--2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A 4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate transaminase (EC 2.6.1.19) inhibitors
  A GABA transferase inhibitors
  A GABA--2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A beta-alanine--oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A glutamate--succinic semialdehyde transaminase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyric acid 2-ketoglutaric acid aminotransferase inhibitors
  A GABA--alpha-ketoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A GABA aminotransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid pyruvate transaminase inhibitor
  A GABA--2-oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A 4-aminobutyrate--2-ketoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A GabT inhibitor
  A GABA--alpha-ketoglutarate transaminase inhibitor
  A aminobutyrate transaminase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyric acid aminotransferase inhibitor
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid--alpha-ketoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A 4-aminobutanoate:2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A gamma-aminobutyrate--alpha-ketoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A 4-aminobutyrate-2-oxoglutarate transaminase inhibitors
  A beta-alanine--oxoglutarate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A beta-alanine aminotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.19 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_85011
  A glucosamine-6-phosphate isomerase (glutamine-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.19 (glutamine--fructose-6-phosphate transaminase (isomerizing)) inhibitor
  A L-glutamine:D-fructose-6-phosphate isomerase (deaminating) inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.19 (glutamine--fructose-6-phosphate transaminase (isomerizing)) inhibitors
  A glucosamine 6-phosphate synthase inhibitor
  A GlcN6P synthase inhibitor
  A hexosephosphate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A hexosephosphate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A L-glutamine:D-fructose-6-phosphate isomerase (deaminating) inhibitors
  A L-glutamine-D-fructose-6-phosphate amidotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.19 inhibitors
  A D-fructose-6-phosphate amidotransferase inhibitor
  A glucosaminephosphate isomerase inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.19 inhibitor
  A glucosamine 6-phosphate synthase inhibitors
  A glucosamine-6-phosphate synthase inhibitors
  A glucosaminephosphate isomerase inhibitors
  A L-glutamine-D-fructose-6-phosphate amidotransferase inhibitors
  A glucosamine-6-phosphate isomerase (glutamine-forming) inhibitors
  A D-fructose-6-phosphate amidotransferase inhibitors
  A GlcN6P synthase inhibitors
  A glucosamine-6-phosphate synthase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_102368
  A (R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate transaminase inhibitors
  A D-AIBAT inhibitors
  A (R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate transaminase inhibitor
  A (R)-3-amino-2-methylpropanoate:pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A D-beta-aminoisobutyrate:pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A beta-aminoisobutyrate--pyruvate transaminase inhibitors
  A (R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate--pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.40 inhibitors
  A (R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate--pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A D-3-aminoisobutyrate-pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A (R)-3-amino-2-methylpropanoate:pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A beta-aminoisobutyrate--pyruvate transaminase inhibitor
  A beta-aminoisobutyrate--pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A D-3-aminoisobutyrate--pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.40 [(R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate--pyruvate transaminase] inhibitor
  A D-AIBAT inhibitor
  A D-3-aminoisobutyrate--pyruvate transaminase inhibitor
  A D-3-aminoisobutyrate-pyruvate transaminase inhibitors
  A beta-aminoisobutyrate-pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A beta-aminoisobutyrate-pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A D-3-aminoisobutyrate-pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A beta-aminoisobutyrate--pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.40 inhibitor
  A D-beta-aminoisobutyrate:pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitor
  A D-3-aminoisobutyrate--pyruvate transaminase inhibitors
  A D-3-aminoisobutyrate--pyruvate aminotransferase inhibitors
  A D-3-aminoisobutyrate-pyruvate transaminase inhibitor
  A EC 2.6.1.40 [(R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate--pyruvate transaminase] inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76881
  A EC 2.7.1.* (phosphotransferases with an alcohol group as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.* (phosphotransferases with an alcohol group as acceptor) inhibitor
  A phosphotransferases with an alcohol group as acceptor (EC 2.7.1.*) inhibitor
  A phosphotransferases with an alcohol group as acceptor (EC 2.7.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_88285
  A EC 2.7.12.* [dual-specificity kinases (those acting on Ser/Thr and Tyr residues)] inhibitors
  A inhibitors of dual-specificity kinases (those acting on Ser/Thr and Tyr residues) (EC 2.7.12.*)
  A EC 2.7.12.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.12.* [dual-specificity kinases (those acting on Ser/Thr and Tyr residues)] inhibitor
  A inhibitor of dual-specificity kinases (those acting on Ser/Thr and Tyr residues) (EC 2.7.12.*)
  A EC 2.7.12.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76818
  A EC 2.7.3.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.3.* inhibitor
  A phosphotransferases with a nitrogenous group as acceptor (EC 2.7.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.3.* (phosphotransferases with a nitrogenous group as acceptor) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.3.* (phosphotransferases with a nitrogenous group as acceptor) inhibitor
  A phosphotransferases with a nitrogenous group as acceptor (EC 2.7.3.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_84803
  A phosphotransferases with a phosphate group as acceptor (EC 2.7.4.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.4.* (phosphotransferases with a phosphate group as acceptor) inhibitors
  A phosphotransferases with a phosphate group as acceptor (EC 2.7.4.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.4.* (phosphotransferases with a phosphate group as acceptor) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.4.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.4.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76815
  A nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.7.* (nucleotidyltransferase) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of nucleotidyltransferases (EC 2.7.7.*)
  A inhibitor of nucleotidyltransferases (EC 2.7.7.*)
  A inhibitors of nucleotidyltransferases
  A EC 2.7.7.* (nucleotidyltransferase) inhibitor
  A nucleotidyltransferase (EC 2.7.7.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of nucleotidyltransferases
  A nucleotidyltransferase (EC 2.7.7.*) inhibitors
  A nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76816
  A EC 2.7.8.* inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.8.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.8.* (transferases for other substituted phosphate groups) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.8.* (transferases for other substituted phosphate groups) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50916
  A lipid kinase inhibitors
  A lipid kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_37699
  A protein kinase inhibitors
  A protein kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_84801
  A inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase (EC 2.7.1.127) inhibitor
  A Ins(1,4,5)P3 3-kinase inhibitors
  A IP3K inhibitors
  A IP3 3-kinase inhibitors
  A inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate 3-kinase inhibitors
  A 1D-myo-inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase inhibitors
  A IP3 3-kinase inhibitor
  A Ins(1,4,5)P3 3-kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:1D-myo-inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate 3-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.127 (inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.127 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.127 inhibitor
  A 1D-myo-inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase inhibitor
  A inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase inhibitor
  A inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate 3-kinase inhibitor
  A inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase (EC 2.7.1.127) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.127 (inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase) inhibitors
  A IP3K inhibitor
  A ATP:1D-myo-inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate 3-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50914
  A phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitors
  A phosphatidylinositol-3-OH kinase inhibitors
  A phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (EC 2.7.1.137) inhibitor
  A type I phosphatidylinositol kinase inhibitor
  A PI-3 kinase inhibitors
  A 1-phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor
  A PtdIns-3-kinase inhibitor
  A phosphatidylinositol-3-OH kinase inhibitor
  A Vps34p inhibitors
  A Vps34p inhibitor
  A phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (EC 2.7.1.137) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor
  A PtdIns-3-kinase inhibitors
  A type III phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitors
  A PI3-kinase inhibitors
  A type I phosphatidylinositol kinase inhibitors
  A ATP:1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A PI3K inhibitors
  A phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitors
  A PI3K inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitors
  A phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitor
  A phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor
  A PI3-kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.137 inhibitors
  A 1-phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitors
  A PI(3)K inhibitors
  A ATP:1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A type III phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitor
  A PI-3 kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.137 inhibitor
  A PI(3)K inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_84802
  A IP3/IP4 6-/3-kinase inhibitors
  A inositol-polyphosphate multikinase (EC 2.7.1.151) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.151 (inositol-polyphosphate multikinase) inhibitors
  A inositol-polyphosphate multikinase inhibitor
  A AtIpk2alpha inhibitor
  A inositol polyphosphate 6-/3-/5-kinase inhibitor
  A IpmK inhibitor
  A IpK2 inhibitors
  A AtIpk2beta inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.151 inhibitor
  A inositol-polyphosphate multikinase inhibitors
  A AtIpk2alpha inhibitors
  A inositol polyphosphate 6-/3-/5-kinase inhibitors
  A ArgRIII inhibitors
  A ATP:1D-myo-inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate 6-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A IpmK inhibitors
  A IP3/IP4 dual-specificity 6-/3-kinase inhibitor
  A AtIpk2beta inhibitor
  A IpK2 inhibitor
  A IP3/IP4 dual-specificity 6-/3-kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.151 inhibitors
  A ATP:1D-myo-inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate 6-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A inositol-polyphosphate multikinase (EC 2.7.1.151) inhibitor
  A IP3/IP4 6-/3-kinase inhibitor
  A ArgRIII inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.151 (inositol-polyphosphate multikinase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77194
  A ATP:(R)-pantothenate 4'-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor
  A D-pantothenate kinase inhibitor
  A pantothenate kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.33 inhibitors
  A ATP:pantothenate 4'-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A pantothenic acid kinase inhibitors
  A D-pantothenate kinase inhibitors
  A ATP:(R)-pantothenate 4'-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A pantothenate kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A pantothenic acid kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:pantothenate 4'-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A pantothenate kinase (EC 2.7.1.33) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.33 inhibitor
  A pantothenate kinase (EC 2.7.1.33) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78760
  A sphingosine kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A dihydrosphingosine kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A dihydrosphingosine kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.91 inhibitors
  A SGK inhibitor
  A SK inhibitor
  A SGK inhibitors
  A dihydrosphingosine kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.91 (sphinganine kinase) inhibitors
  A dihydrosphingosine kinase inhibitors
  A ATP:sphinganine 1-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A sphingosine kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.91 inhibitor
  A ATP:sphinganine 1-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.91 (sphinganine kinase) inhibitor
  A SK inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_61774
  A inositol phosphorylceramide synthase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_88286
  A MKK6 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.12.2 inhibitor
  A MKK4 inhibitor
  A MAPKK1 inhibitor
  A STK27 inhibitors
  A MAP2K inhibitors
  A MAP kinase kinase inhibitors
  A MAPKK inhibitors
  A MKK inhibitors
  A MAP kinase kinase 4 inhibitor
  A MEK2 inhibitors
  A MEK inhibitors
  A MAPKK inhibitor
  A MEK2 inhibitor
  A MAP kinase or ERK kinase inhibitor
  A MAP kinase kinase 7 inhibitor
  A mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (EC 2.7.12.2) inhibitors
  A MEK inhibitor
  A MAPKK1 inhibitors
  A MAP2K inhibitor
  A MKK6 inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (MAPKKK-activated) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.12.2 inhibitors
  A mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase inhibitor
  A MKK7 inhibitor
  A MKK inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.12.2 (mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.12.2 (mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase) inhibitor
  A MKK2 inhibitors
  A MAP kinase kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (MAPKKK-activated) inhibitor
  A STK27 inhibitor
  A MAP kinase or ERK kinase inhibitors
  A MEK1 inhibitors
  A MAP kinase kinase 4 inhibitors
  A mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (EC 2.7.12.2) inhibitor
  A mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase inhibitors
  A MKK4 inhibitors
  A MKK2 inhibitor
  A MKK7 inhibitors
  A MEK1 inhibitor
  A MAP kinase kinase 7 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_73354
  A EC 2.7.3.2 (creatine kinase) inhibitor
  A CPK inhibitors
  A creatine kinase (EC 2.7.3.2) inhibitors
  A creatine kinase inhibitors
  A creatine kinase (EC 2.7.3.2) inhibitor
  A creatine phosphokinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.3.2 (creatine kinase) inhibitors
  A CK inhibitor
  A CK inhibitors
  A CPK inhibitor
  A creatine kinase inhibitor
  A creatine phosphokinase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_84804
  A nucleoside-diphosphate kinase (EC 2.7.4.6) inhibitor
  A nucleoside diphosphokinase inhibitors
  A nucleoside 5'-diphosphate kinase inhibitor
  A nucleotide phosphate kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.4.6 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.4.6 inhibitor
  A uridine diphosphate kinase inhibitor
  A nucleotide phosphate kinase inhibitors
  A nucleoside-diphosphate kinase (EC 2.7.4.6) inhibitors
  A nucleoside 5'-diphosphate kinase inhibitors
  A nucleoside diphosphokinase inhibitor
  A uridine diphosphate kinase inhibitors
  A nucleoside diphosphate (UDP) kinase inhibitor
  A nucleoside diphosphate (UDP) kinase inhibitors
  A nucleoside-diphosphate kinase inhibitor
  A UDP kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.4.6 (nucleoside-diphosphate kinase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.4.6 (nucleoside-diphosphate kinase) inhibitor
  A UDP kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:nucleoside-diphosphate phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A nucleoside-diphosphate kinase inhibitors
  A ATP:nucleoside-diphosphate phosphotransferase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38234
  A DNA polymerase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_37416
  A directed RNA polymerase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid-dependent ribonucleic acid polymerase inhibitors
  A ribonucleic acid nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A RNA polymerase (EC 2.7.7.6) inhibitors
  A ribonucleate nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A DNA-dependent RNA nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A ribonucleic transcriptase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.7.6 inhibitor
  A C RNA formation factors inhibitor
  A DNA-dependent RNA nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A nucleoside-triphosphate:RNA nucleotidyltransferase (DNA-directed) inhibitors
  A ribonucleic acid transcriptase inhibitor
  A ribonucleic polymerase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.7.6 inhibitors
  A ribonucleic acid polymerase inhibitor
  A C ribonucleic acid formation factors inhibitor
  A DNA-directed nucleoside-triphosphate:RNA nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A ribonucleate polymerase inhibitor
  A nucleoside-triphosphate:RNA nucleotidyltransferase (DNA-directed) inhibitor
  A ribonucleate polymerase inhibitors
  A ribonucleate nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A RNA nucleotidyltransferase (DNA-directed) inhibitors
  A ribonucleic acid nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitors
  A ribonucleic polymerase inhibitors
  A RNA polymerase I inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor
  A RNA polymerase III inhibitors
  A RNA polymerase inhibitors
  A RNA polymerase II inhibitor
  A DNA-directed RNA polymerase inhibitor
  A RNA nucleotidyltransferase (DNA-directed) inhibitor
  A RNA polymerase inhibitor
  A transcriptase inhibitors
  A RNA nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A RNA polymerase (EC 2.7.7.6) inhibitor
  A ribonucleic acid transcriptase inhibitors
  A RNA nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A C ribonucleic acid formation factors inhibitors
  A RNA polymerase II inhibitors
  A DNA-directed RNA polymerase inhibitors
  A DNA-dependent ribonucleate nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A ribonucleic transcriptase inhibitors
  A DNA-dependent RNA polymerase inhibitor
  A RNA polymerase I inhibitor
  A DNA-directed nucleoside-triphosphate:RNA nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A RNA polymerase III inhibitor
  A C RNA formation factors inhibitors
  A DNA-dependent RNA polymerase inhibitors
  A ribonucleic acid polymerase inhibitors
  A RNA transcriptase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid-dependent ribonucleic acid polymerase inhibitor
  A transcriptase inhibitor
  A RNA transcriptase inhibitors
  A DNA-dependent ribonucleate nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_59897
  A RNA-directed DNA polymerase inhibitors
  A telomerase inhibitors
  A revertase inhibitors
  A DNA nucleotidyltransferase (RNA-directed) inhibitors
  A RNA-instructed DNA polymerase inhibitor
  A deoxynucleoside-triphosphate:DNA deoxynucleotidyltransferase (RNA-directed) inhibitor
  A deoxynucleoside-triphosphate:DNA deoxynucleotidyltransferase (RNA-directed) inhibitors
  A RNA-instructed DNA polymerase inhibitors
  A RNA revertase inhibitor
  A RT inhibitor
  A revertase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitors
  A RNA-dependent deoxyribonucleate nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A RNA-dependent DNA polymerase inhibitor
  A RNA-directed DNA polymerase (EC 2.7.7.49) inhibitor
  A reverse transcriptase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor
  A RNA revertase inhibitors
  A RT inhibitors
  A RNA-dependent deoxyribonucleate nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A DNA nucleotidyltransferase (RNA-directed) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.7.49 inhibitors
  A telomerase inhibitor
  A RNA-directed DNA polymerase inhibitor
  A reverse transcriptase inhibitors
  A RNA-directed DNA polymerase (EC 2.7.7.49) inhibitors
  A RNA-dependent DNA polymerase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.7.49 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_131699
  A deoxyribonucleic polymerase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic polymerase I inhibitor
  A DNA replicase inhibitor
  A DNA polymerase alpha inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitors
  A DNA polymerase II inhibitors
  A sequenase inhibitors
  A DNA duplicase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic duplicase inhibitor
  A DNA polymerase alpha inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid duplicase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid polymerase inhibitor
  A DNA nucleotidyltransferase (DNA-directed) inhibitor
  A Taq Pol I inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleate nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleate nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A Tca DNA polymerase inhibitors
  A DNA polymerase III inhibitors
  A DNA polymerase beta inhibitor
  A DNA polymerase inhibitors
  A DNA polymerase gamma inhibitors
  A DNA-directed DNA polymerase (EC 2.7.7.7) inhibitors
  A Taq Pol I inhibitor
  A deoxynucleoside-triphosphate:DNA deoxynucleotidyltransferase (DNA-directed) inhibitor
  A Tca DNA polymerase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid duplicase inhibitors
  A deoxynucleoside-triphosphate:DNA deoxynucleotidyltransferase (DNA-directed) inhibitors
  A deoxynucleate polymerase inhibitor
  A DNA polymerase gamma inhibitor
  A DNA polymerase I inhibitor
  A DNA polymerase II inhibitor
  A DNA nucleotidyltransferase (DNA-directed) inhibitors
  A deoxynucleate polymerase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.7.7 inhibitors
  A DNA nucleotidyltransferase inhibitor
  A DNA polymerase III inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.7.7 inhibitor
  A duplicase inhibitor
  A sequenase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic polymerase I inhibitors
  A Klenow fragment inhibitor
  A duplicase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic duplicase inhibitors
  A DNA polymerase inhibitor
  A DNA-dependent DNA polymerase inhibitors
  A DNA polymerase beta inhibitors
  A Taq DNA polymerase inhibitors
  A DNA-directed DNA polymerase (EC 2.7.7.7) inhibitor
  A DNA-dependent DNA polymerase inhibitor
  A Klenow fragment inhibitors
  A DNA polymerase I inhibitors
  A DNA nucleotidyltransferase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic polymerase inhibitor
  A DNA duplicase inhibitors
  A Taq DNA polymerase inhibitor
  A DNA replicase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic acid polymerase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_64237
  A UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine:dolichol phosphate N-acetyl-D-glucosamine-1-phosphate transferase inhibitor
  A N-acetylglucosamine transferase inhibitors
  A dolichol phosphate N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphate transferase inhibitors
  A chitobiosylpyrophosphoryldolichol synthase inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine--dolichyl-phosphate N-acetylglucosaminephosphotransferase (EC 2.7.8.15) inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphoacetylglucosamine--dolichyl phosphate acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine--dolichyl-phosphate N-acetylglucosaminephosphotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.8.15 inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphoacetylglucosamine--dolichyl phosphate acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine:dolichyl-phosphate N-acetyl-D-glucosaminephosphotransferase inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine--dolichyl-phosphate N-acetylglucosaminephosphotransferase (EC 2.7.8.15) inhibitor
  A chitobiosylpyrophosphoryldolichol synthase inhibitors
  A GlcNAc-1-P transferase inhibitor
  A UDP-acetylglucosamine--dolichol phosphate acetylglucosamine phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-acetylglucosamine--dolichol phosphate acetylglucosamine phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine:dolichyl-phosphate N-acetyl-D-glucosaminephosphotransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-acetylglucosamine--dolichol phosphate acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-D-N-acetylglucosamine N-acetylglucosamine 1-phosphate transferase inhibitor
  A N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphate transferase inhibitor
  A N-acetylglucosamine phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.8.15 inhibitor
  A GlcNAc-1-P transferase inhibitors
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine--dolichyl-phosphate N-acetylglucosaminephosphotransferase inhibitors
  A UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine:dolichol phosphate N-acetyl-D-glucosamine-1-phosphate transferase inhibitors
  A UDP-GlcNAc:dolichyl-phosphate GlcNAc-1-phosphate transferase inhibitors
  A UDP-GlcNAc:dolichyl-phosphate GlcNAc-1-phosphate transferase inhibitor
  A UDP-D-N-acetylglucosamine N-acetylglucosamine 1-phosphate transferase inhibitors
  A UDP-acetylglucosamine--dolichol phosphate acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A dolichol phosphate N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.8.15 (UDP-N-acetylglucosamine--dolichyl-phosphate N-acetylglucosaminephosphotransferase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.8.15 (UDP-N-acetylglucosamine--dolichyl-phosphate N-acetylglucosaminephosphotransferase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78366
  A EC 2.7.1.1 inhibitors
  A ATP-dependent hexokinase inhibitors
  A hexokinase type IV glucokinase inhibitors
  A glucose ATP phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A hexokinase type IV glucokinase inhibitor
  A hexokinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A hexokinase type II inhibitor
  A hexokinase type III inhibitors
  A hexokinase type IV inhibitors
  A hexokinase type IV inhibitor
  A hexokinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A hexokinase type III inhibitor
  A hexokinase D inhibitors
  A ATP:D-hexose 6-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.1 (hexokinase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.1.1 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.1.1 (hexokinase) inhibitor
  A glucose ATP phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A hexokinase type I inhibitor
  A hexokinase D inhibitor
  A ATP:D-hexose 6-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A ATP-dependent hexokinase inhibitor
  A hexokinase type I inhibitors
  A hexokinase inhibitors
  A hexokinase inhibitor
  A hexokinase type II inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_70770
  A Aurora kinase inhibitors
  A Aurora kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76817
  A protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A protein-tyrosine kinase (EC 2.7.10.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.10.* inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.10.* (protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor
  A protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.10.* (protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.10.* inhibitors
  A protein-tyrosine kinase (EC 2.7.10.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76812
  A EC 2.7.11.* inhibitors
  A protein-serine/threonine kinase (EC 2.7.11.*) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.* (protein-serine/threonine kinase) inhibitor
  A protein-serine/threonine kinase (EC 2.7.11.*) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.* (protein-serine/threonine kinase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.* inhibitor
  A protein-serine/threonine kinase inhibitors
  A protein-serine/threonine kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_68481
  A mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors
  A mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitor
  A mTOR inhibitors
  A mTOR inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_133891
  A SNF1LK2 inhibitor
  A salt-inducible kinase 2 inhibitor
  A SIK2 inhibitor
  A SNF1LK2 inhibitors
  A salt-inducible kinase 2 inhibitors
  A SIK2 inhibitors
  A serine/threonine-protein kinase SIK2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38637
  A tyrphostin
  A protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A protein tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A TKI inhibitors
  A tyrphostins
  A tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A TKI inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_62434
  A IRR inhibitor
  A Mdk5 inhibitor
  A TYRO10 inhibitor
  A CFD1 inhibitor
  A Kin15 inhibitor
  A NTRKR3 inhibitor
  A MUSK inhibitor
  A TRKA inhibitor
  A PTK inhibitor
  A insulin receptor protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A CAK inhibitor
  A TEK inhibitor
  A Drosophila Eph kinase inhibitor
  A DAlk inhibitor
  A ephrin-B3 receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A Fv2 inhibitor
  A EPHB3 inhibitor
  A TYRO3 inhibitor
  A C-FMS inhibitor
  A neurite outgrowth regulating kinase inhibitor
  A TIE2 inhibitor
  A Mrk inhibitor
  A FGFR3 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.10.1 inhibitors
  A CDw135 inhibitor
  A CSF1R inhibitor
  A Cek7 inhibitor
  A HTK inhibitor
  A Sfr inhibitor
  A Ebk inhibitor
  A FLK1 inhibitor
  A KIA0641 inhibitor
  A AATYK inhibitor
  A novel oncogene with kinase-domain inhibitor
  A ERBB3 inhibitor
  A PDGFRA inhibitor
  A NET inhibitor
  A HEK5 inhibitor
  A HSCR1 inhibitor
  A ECK inhibitor
  A FLT2 inhibitor
  A N-SAM inhibitor
  A EPH inhibitor
  A EDDR1 inhibitor
  A EGFR inhibitor
  A EPHT2 inhibitor
  A INSR inhibitor
  A Bsk inhibitor
  A TRKB inhibitor
  A NEP inhibitor
  A STK1 inhibitor
  A NTRKR1 inhibitor
  A HEK11 inhibitor
  A PDGFRB inhibitor
  A Nsk2 inhibitor
  A CKIT inhibitor
  A K-SAM inhibitor
  A nork inhibitor
  A HGFR inhibitor
  A Sek4 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitors
  A IGF1R inhibitor
  A Neu inhibitor
  A receptor protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A EPHA7 inhibitor
  A Dek inhibitor
  A HBGFR inhibitor
  A FGFR4 inhibitor
  A DRT inhibitor
  A Eyk inhibitor
  A ERK inhibitor
  A Cek1 inhibitor
  A Cek10 inhibitor
  A Eek inhibitor
  A SKY inhibitor
  A MEN2A/B inhibitor
  A EPHA2 inhibitor
  A Cek6 inhibitor
  A PTK7 inhibitor
  A Vik inhibitor
  A RSE inhibitor
  A VEGFR3 inhibitor
  A Mlk1 inhibitor
  A Nuk inhibitor
  A KIAA1459 inhibitor
  A NGL inhibitor
  A Yrk inhibitor
  A FLT3 inhibitor
  A HER4 inhibitor
  A ERBB2 inhibitor
  A KGFR inhibitor
  A PDGFR inhibitor
  A FGFR2 inhibitor
  A EPHA1 inhibitor
  A ROR1 inhibitor
  A EPHA6 inhibitor
  A JTK14 inhibitor
  A HER3 inhibitor
  A Sek2 inhibitor
  A IR inhibitor
  A ATP:[protein]-L-tyrosine O-phosphotransferase (receptor-type) inhibitor
  A EPHA8 inhibitor
  A NTRKR2 inhibitor
  A YK1 inhibitor
  A HEP inhibitor
  A AATYK2 inhibitor
  A Cek2 inhibitor
  A JTK12 inhibitor
  A EPHT inhibitor
  A HEK3 inhibitor
  A TYK1 inhibitor
  A JWS inhibitor
  A EPHT3 inhibitor
  A receptor protein-tyrosine kinase (EC 2.7.10.1) inhibitors
  A ATP:[protein]-L-tyrosine O-phosphotransferase (receptor-type) inhibitors
  A NTRK2 inhibitor
  A EPHB4 inhibitor
  A TIE1 inhibitor
  A NTRK1 inhibitor
  A Kin16 inhibitor
  A anaplastic lymphoma kinase inhibitor
  A NYK inhibitor
  A receptor protein-tyrosine kinase (EC 2.7.10.1) inhibitor
  A FLT1 inhibitor
  A VEGFR2 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.10.1 inhibitor
  A ERBB4 inhibitor
  A FLK2 inhibitor
  A ERBB inhibitor
  A MERTK inhibitor
  A MST1R inhibitor
  A VEGFR1 inhibitor
  A RTK inhibitor
  A Mlk2 inhibitor
  A Mdk2 inhibitor
  A TIF inhibitor
  A KLG inhibitor
  A FGFR1 inhibitor
  A TRKC inhibitor
  A receptor protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A NTRK4 inhibitor
  A Cek11 inhibitor
  A MEhk1 inhibitor
  A PHB6 inhibitor
  A MCF3 inhibitor
  A DTK inhibitor
  A Ehk2 inhibitor
  A KDR inhibitor
  A Tyro6 inhibitor
  A MTC1 inhibitor
  A DKFZp434C1418 inhibitor
  A EPHB2 inhibitor
  A ALK inhibitor
  A Tyro11 inhibitor
  A HER2 inhibitor
  A FMS inhibitor
  A ROR2 inhibitor
  A EPHX inhibitor
  A RYK inhibitor
  A Kil inhibitor
  A receptor protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A anaplastic lymphoma kinase inhibitors
  A TYRO7 inhibitor
  A ALK inhibitors
  A CCK4 inhibitor
  A FLT4 inhibitor
  A Myk1 inhibitor
  A ROS1 inhibitor
  A CD135 inhibitor
  A Bfgfr inhibitor
  A ARK inhibitor
  A AXL inhibitor
  A EPHB1 inhibitor
  A AATYK3 inhibitor
  A SEA inhibitor
  A EphB5 inhibitor
  A RON inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor
  A ACH inhibitor
  A KIT inhibitor
  A PTK3 inhibitor
  A KIAA1079 inhibitor
  A UFO inhibitor
  A LTK inhibitor
  A TRK inhibitor
  A Elk inhibitor
  A HEK6 inhibitor
  A DDR1 inhibitor
  A AATK inhibitor
  A Ehk3 inhibitor
  A Mep inhibitor
  A RET inhibitor
  A INSRR inhibitor
  A Bek inhibitor
  A FLG inhibitor
  A JTK13 inhibitor
  A NTRK3 inhibitor
  A BRT inhibitor
  A ERBB1 inhibitor
  A Sek3 inhibitor
  A MER inhibitor
  A DDR2 inhibitor
  A Cek5 inhibitor
  A TRKE inhibitor
  A TKT inhibitor
  A Mdk1 inhibitor
  A HEK2 inhibitor
  A NOK inhibitor
  A CD115 inhibitor
  A PCL inhibitor
  A TIE inhibitor
  A STK inhibitor
  A Tyro5 inhibitor
  A Cek3 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90199
  A MET inhibitors
  A c-Met inhibitors
  A MET proto-oncogene, receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A MET inhibitor
  A MET proto-oncogene, receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A c-Met tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A c-Met inhibitor
  A c-Met tyrosine kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50925
  A Raf kinase inhibitors
  A casein kinase I inhibitor
  A Raf kinase inhibitor
  A glycogen synthase kinase inhibitor
  A cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor
  A protein kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A ribosomal S6 protein kinase inhibitor
  A protein-aspartyl kinase inhibitors
  A casein kinase 2 inhibitor
  A WEE1Hu inhibitor
  A type-2 casein kinase inhibitor
  A T-antigen kinase inhibitor
  A CKI inhibitors
  A ribosomal protein S6 kinase II inhibitor
  A protein serine kinase inhibitors
  A cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A STK32 inhibitor
  A epsilon PKC inhibitor
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A A-kinase inhibitor
  A calcium-dependent protein kinase C inhibitor
  A p21 activated kinase-1 inhibitors
  A casein kinase II inhibitor
  A HIPK2 inhibitor
  A non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.1) inhibitor
  A hydroxyalkyl-protein kinase inhibitors
  A PAK1 inhibitors
  A dsk1 inhibitors
  A cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors
  A casein kinase I inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitors
  A p21 activated kinase-1 inhibitor
  A phosphorylase b kinase kinase inhibitors
  A Prp4 protein kinase inhibitors
  A cyclic monophosphate-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A glycogen synthase kinase inhibitors
  A Wee-kinase inhibitors
  A dsk1 inhibitor
  A Raf-1 inhibitors
  A PKA inhibitors
  A protein-serine kinase inhibitors
  A protein-cysteine kinase inhibitor
  A WEE1Hu inhibitors
  A casein kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitors
  A casein kinase II inhibitors
  A PAK-1 inhibitors
  A CKI inhibitor
  A serine kinase inhibitor
  A serine protein kinase inhibitor
  A protein serine kinase inhibitor
  A protein kinase p58 inhibitor
  A protein kinase CK2 inhibitors
  A betaIIPKC inhibitor
  A CK-2 inhibitor
  A calcium/phospholipid-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A twitchin kinase inhibitors
  A p82 kinase inhibitors
  A protein kinase A inhibitor
  A serine(threonine) protein kinase inhibitors
  A protein glutamyl kinase inhibitor
  A PAK1 inhibitor
  A Wee-kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor
  A threonine-specific protein kinase inhibitors
  A cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase A inhibitors
  A p82 kinase inhibitor
  A casein kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A protein kinase A inhibitors
  A cyclic nucleotide-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A Wee 1-like kinase inhibitors
  A protein serine-threonine kinase inhibitor
  A protein-aspartyl kinase inhibitor
  A protein serine-threonine kinase inhibitors
  A protein phosphokinase inhibitors
  A M phase-specific cdc2 kinase inhibitor
  A Hpr kinase inhibitor
  A threonine-specific protein kinase inhibitor
  A mitogen-activated S6 kinase inhibitors
  A serine-specific protein kinase inhibitor
  A PKA inhibitor
  A twitchin kinase inhibitor
  A epsilon PKC inhibitors
  A calcium-dependent protein kinase C inhibitors
  A serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitors
  A CK-2 inhibitors
  A serine-specific protein kinase inhibitors
  A PAK-1 inhibitor
  A protein-cysteine kinase inhibitors
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A type-2 casein kinase inhibitors
  A mitogen-activated S6 kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (non-specific) inhibitors
  A protein kinase p58 inhibitors
  A AP50 kinase inhibitors
  A cyclic monophosphate-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A protein-serine kinase inhibitor
  A A-kinase inhibitors
  A Raf-1 inhibitor
  A T-antigen kinase inhibitors
  A serine kinase inhibitors
  A phosphorylase b kinase kinase inhibitor
  A hydroxyalkyl-protein kinase inhibitor
  A serine(threonine) protein kinase inhibitor
  A protein glutamyl kinase inhibitors
  A casein kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.1 inhibitor
  A cyclic nucleotide-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase A inhibitor
  A M phase-specific cdc2 kinase inhibitors
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase A inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.1 inhibitors
  A ATP-protein transphosphorylase inhibitors
  A HIPK2 inhibitors
  A serine protein kinase inhibitors
  A casein kinase 2 inhibitors
  A glycogen synthase a kinase inhibitors
  A Wee 1-like kinase inhibitor
  A ribosomal protein S6 kinase II inhibitors
  A protein kinase CK2 inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (non-specific) inhibitor
  A betaIIPKC inhibitors
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A protein kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A protein-serine/threonine kinase inhibitors
  A cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A Hpr kinase inhibitors
  A non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.1) inhibitors
  A casein kinase inhibitor
  A calcium/phospholipid-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A ribosomal S6 protein kinase inhibitors
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase A inhibitor
  A ATP-protein transphosphorylase inhibitor
  A serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitor
  A non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitor
  A Prp4 protein kinase inhibitor
  A CKII inhibitor
  A STK32 inhibitors
  A CKII inhibitors
  A protein phosphokinase inhibitor
  A AP50 kinase inhibitor
  A glycogen synthase a kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77113
  A EC 2.7.11.10 (IkappaB kinase) inhibitors
  A TANK-binding kinase 1 inhibitor
  A TANK-binding kinase 1 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.10 inhibitors
  A IKBKB inhibitors
  A IKBKB inhibitor
  A STK12 inhibitors
  A IKK inhibitor
  A IkappaB kinase (EC 2.7.11.10) inhibitor
  A IkappaB kinase inhibitors
  A IKK-2 inhibitors
  A IKK-2 inhibitor
  A CHUK inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.10 inhibitor
  A TBK1 inhibitors
  A STK12 inhibitor
  A IKBKA inhibitor
  A IKK-1 inhibitor
  A ATP:[IkappaB protein] phosphotransferase
  A IkappaB kinase (EC 2.7.11.10) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.10 (IkappaB kinase) inhibitor
  A IKK-1 inhibitors
  A IKK inhibitors
  A TBK1 inhibitor
  A IKBKA inhibitors
  A ATP:[IkappaB protein] phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A IkappaB kinase inhibitor
  A CHUK inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_85094
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (cAMP-dependent) inhibitors
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.11) inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (cAMP-dependent) inhibitor
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A protein kinase A inhibitor
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.11) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.11 (cAMP-dependent protein kinase) inhibitor
  A PKA inhibitors
  A STK22 inhibitors inhibitors
  A protein kinase A inhibitors
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A PKA inhibitor
  A PKA C inhibitors
  A PKA C inhibitor
  A STK22 inhibitor inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.11 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.11 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.11 (cAMP-dependent protein kinase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_85113
  A guanosine 3':5'-cyclic monophosphate-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase Ibeta inhibitors
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.12) inhibitor
  A STK23 inhibitors
  A 3':5'-cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.12 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.12 (cGMP-dependent protein kinase) inhibitor
  A PKG II inhibitors
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (cGMP-dependent) inhibitors
  A PKG 1beta inhibitor
  A PKG inhibitors
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.12) inhibitors
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase Ibeta inhibitor
  A PKG 1alpha inhibitors
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.12 (cGMP-dependent protein kinase) inhibitors
  A 3':5'-cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A PKG 1beta inhibitors
  A STK23 inhibitor
  A PKG inhibitor
  A PKG 1alpha inhibitor
  A PKG II inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (cGMP-dependent) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.12 inhibitor
  A guanosine 3':5'-cyclic monophosphate-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_37700
  A PKCepsilon inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.13 inhibitor
  A nPKC inhibitor
  A cPKCbeta inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor
  A cPKC inhibitors
  A Pkc1p inhibitor
  A PKCepsilon inhibitor
  A nPKCdelta inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (diacylglycerol-dependent) inhibitor
  A PKCbeta inhibitor
  A PKCdelta inhibitors
  A PKCbeta inhibitors
  A cPKCgamma inhibitor
  A PKC inhibitors
  A cPKCgamma inhibitors
  A calcium-dependent protein kinase C inhibitors
  A nPKCeta inhibitors
  A calcium-independent protein kinase C inhibitor
  A nPKCdelta inhibitors
  A protein kinase Cepsilon inhibitors
  A protein kinase C inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (diacylglycerol-dependent) inhibitors
  A calcium/phospholipid dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A protein kinase Cepsilon inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.13 inhibitors
  A cPKCbeta inhibitor
  A cPKCalpha inhibitors
  A nPKCeta inhibitor
  A STK24 inhibitor
  A calcium-dependent protein kinase C inhibitor
  A calcium-independent protein kinase C inhibitors
  A STK24 inhibitors
  A calcium/phospholipid dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A cPKCalpha inhibitor
  A cPKC inhibitor
  A PKCdelta inhibitor
  A nPKCtheta inhibitors
  A nPKCtheta inhibitor
  A PKCalpha inhibitors
  A protein kinase C (EC 2.7.11.13) inhibitor
  A protein kinase C inhibitors
  A PKC inhibitor
  A Pkc1p inhibitors
  A PKCzeta inhibitors
  A nPKC inhibitors
  A PKCzeta inhibitor
  A nPKCepsilon inhibitor
  A PKCgamma inhibitors
  A nPKCepsilon inhibitors
  A PKCalpha inhibitor
  A protein kinase C (EC 2.7.11.13) inhibitors
  A PKCgamma inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_131794
  A CaM-regulated serine/threonine kinase inhibitors
  A caldesmon kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.17 inhibitors
  A CaMKIV inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase IV inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.17 (Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase) inhibitor
  A CaMKKalpha inhibitor
  A CaM-regulated serine/threonine kinase inhibitor
  A CaMKI inhibitor
  A CaM kinase inhibitors
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase ((2+)/calmodulin-dependent) inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent microtubule-associated protein 2 kinase inhibitors
  A calmodulin-dependent kinase II inhibitors
  A STK20 inhibitors
  A microtubule-associated protein 2 kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:caldesmon O-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase beta inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase IV inhibitors
  A ATP:caldesmon O-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A CaMKI inhibitors
  A STK20 inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase inhibitor
  A CaM kinase inhibitor
  A CAM PKII inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.17) inhibitor
  A caldesmon kinase inhibitors
  A CaMKKbeta inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.17 inhibitor
  A CaMKKbeta inhibitor
  A CaMKKalpha inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase inhibitors
  A caldesmon kinase inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase 1 inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase 1 inhibitors
  A CaM kinase II inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase inhibitor
  A CaM kinase II inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent microtubule-associated protein 2 kinase inhibitor
  A CaMKII inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase beta inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.17 (Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase) inhibitors
  A calmodulin-dependent kinase II inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase ((2+)/calmodulin-dependent) inhibitor
  A microtubule-associated protein 2 kinase inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.17) inhibitors
  A CaMKIV inhibitors
  A CaMKII inhibitor
  A caldesmon kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A CAM PKII inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78763
  A ATP:[myosin-light-chain] O-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A myosin kinase inhibitors
  A myosin light-chain kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A ATP:myosin-light-chain O-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A myosin light-chain kinase inhibitor
  A myosin light chain kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.18 inhibitor
  A myosin-light-chain kinase (EC 2.7.11.18) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.18 (myosin-light-chain kinase) inhibitor
  A myosin-light-chain kinase inhibitors
  A [myosin-light-chain] kinase inhibitors
  A smooth-muscle-myosin-light-chain kinase inhibitor
  A myosin-light-chain kinase inhibitor
  A myosin kinase inhibitor
  A MLCK inhibitor
  A myosin-light-chain kinase (EC 2.7.11.18) inhibitors
  A ATP:myosin-light-chain O-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A MLCkase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.18 (myosin-light-chain kinase) inhibitors
  A MLCkase inhibitors
  A calcium/calmodulin-dependent myosin light chain kinase inhibitor
  A myosin light chain protein kinase inhibitor
  A myosin light chain kinase inhibitors
  A myosin light chain protein kinase inhibitors
  A MLCK inhibitors
  A myosin light-chain kinase inhibitors
  A myosin light-chain kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
  A calcium/calmodulin-dependent myosin light chain kinase inhibitors
  A smooth-muscle-myosin-light-chain kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.18 inhibitors
  A [myosin-light-chain] kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:[myosin-light-chain] O-phosphotransferase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_131734
  A eEF2 kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.20 (elongation factor 2 kinase) inhibitor
  A eEF2K inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.20 inhibitors
  A STK19 inhibitor
  A calmodulin-dependent protein kinase III inhibitors
  A elongation factor 2 kinase (EC 2.7.11.20) inhibitors
  A eEF2K inhibitor
  A elongation factor 2 kinase (EC 2.7.11.20) inhibitor
  A Ca/CaM-kinase III inhibitor
  A Ca/CaM-kinase III inhibitors
  A calmodulin-dependent protein kinase III inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.20 (elongation factor 2 kinase) inhibitors
  A elongation factor 2 kinase inhibitors
  A CaM kinase III inhibitor
  A elongation factor 2 kinase inhibitor
  A STK19 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.20 inhibitor
  A EF2K inhibitor
  A eEF2 kinase inhibitor
  A CaM kinase III inhibitors
  A ATP:[elongation factor 2] phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A ATP:[elongation factor 2] phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A EF2K inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_82665
  A cyk inhibitors
  A Cdk4 inhibitors
  A Cdk1 inhibitors
  A ndk inhibitor
  A PCTAIRE-1 inhibitors
  A Cak1 inhibitor
  A cyclin-dependent protein kinase activating kinase inhibitors
  A cyclin D-cdk6 kinase inhibitors
  A Cdk7 inhibitors
  A Cdk1 inhibitor
  A cyclin-A associated kinase inhibitors
  A Cdk-activating protein kinase inhibitors
  A cyclin-dependent kinase 6 inhibitors
  A Cdk5 inhibitors
  A cyclin-dependent kinase 6 inhibitor
  A cyclin-dependent kinase-2 inhibitors
  A PCTAIRE-1 inhibitor
  A cyclin D-dependent kinase inhibitors
  A Cdk3 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor
  A cyclin-dependent kinase-4 inhibitor
  A Bur1 Cdk inhibitors
  A cyclin-A associated kinase inhibitor
  A D-type cyclin kinase inhibitor
  A cyclin D-cdk6 kinase inhibitor
  A cdc2 inhibitors
  A Cdk2 inhibitor
  A cyk inhibitor
  A cyclin A-activated cdc2 inhibitors
  A Cdk9 inhibitor
  A Cdk2 inhibitors
  A neuronal cdc2-like kinase inhibitor
  A neuronal cdc2-like kinase inhibitors
  A cyclin E kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:cyclin phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A Cak1p inhibitors
  A cdc2 kinase inhibitor
  A Cdc28p inhibitors
  A Cdc28p inhibitor
  A CDK inhibitors
  A STK25 inhibitor
  A Cdk8 inhibitors
  A Cdk6 inhibitors
  A Cdk8 inhibitor
  A cyclin-dependent protein kinase activating kinase inhibitor
  A cyclin E kinase inhibitors
  A Cdk6 inhibitor
  A ndk inhibitors
  A cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors
  A Bur1 inhibitor
  A Cdk9 inhibitors
  A cyclin-dependent kinase-4 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.22 inhibitor
  A cyclin A-activated cdk2 inhibitor
  A Cdk7 inhibitor
  A Cak1p inhibitor
  A cyclin-dependent kinase-2 inhibitor
  A Cdk4 inhibitor
  A Bur1 inhibitors
  A cdk-activating kinase inhibitors
  A cyclin A-activated cdc2 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.22 inhibitors
  A Cdk5 inhibitor
  A cyclin A-activated cdk2 inhibitors
  A Cak1 inhibitors
  A STK25 inhibitors
  A cdk-activating kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:cyclin phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A CDK inhibitor
  A Cdk3 inhibitors
  A cyclin D-dependent kinase inhibitor
  A D-type cyclin kinase inhibitors
  A cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor
  A cdc2 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitors
  A cdc2 kinase inhibitors
  A Bur1 Cdk inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_79091
  A mitogen-activated protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.24) inhibitor
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (MAPKK-activated) inhibitor
  A PMK-3 inhibitor
  A MAPK inhibitors
  A pp44(mapk) inhibitor
  A JNK inhibitors
  A p38delta inhibitors
  A MBP kinase II inhibitors
  A microtubule-associated protein kinase inhibitors
  A mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.24 inhibitor
  A PMK-2 inhibitors
  A JNK3alpha1 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.24 inhibitors
  A LeMPK3 inhibitors
  A ERK1 inhibitor
  A Dp38 inhibitors
  A microtubule-associated protein kinase inhibitor
  A SAPK inhibitor
  A extracellular signal-regulated kinase inhibitors
  A ATP:protein phosphotransferase (MAPKK-activated) inhibitors
  A ERK2 inhibitors
  A STK26 inhibitor
  A c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitor
  A p42(mapk) inhibitor
  A PMK-2 inhibitor
  A p44mpk inhibitor
  A ERK2 inhibitor
  A p42(mapk) inhibitors
  A MAP kinase inhibitors
  A microtubule-associated protein 2 kinase inhibitors
  A MBP kinase I inhibitors
  A ERK inhibitor
  A p38delta inhibitor
  A microtubule-associated protein 2 kinase inhibitor
  A extracellular signal-regulated kinase inhibitor
  A SAPK inhibitors
  A p38-2 inhibitors
  A PMK-3 inhibitors
  A MAPK inhibitor
  A pp42 inhibitors
  A c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitors
  A MAP-2 kinase inhibitor
  A PMK-1 inhibitor
  A p42 mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitors
  A ERK inhibitors
  A myelin basic protein kinase inhibitors
  A MAP-2 kinase inhibitors
  A pp42 inhibitor
  A MBP kinase II inhibitor
  A mitogen-activated protein kinase (EC 2.7.11.24) inhibitors
  A STK26 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitors
  A p38-2 inhibitor
  A MEK inhibitors
  A p44mpk inhibitors
  A myelin basic protein kinase inhibitor
  A LeMPK3 inhibitor
  A stress-activated protein kinase inhibitor
  A JNK3alpha1 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor
  A pp44(mapk) inhibitors
  A mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitors
  A MEK inhibitor
  A ERK1 inhibitors
  A MBP kinase I inhibitor
  A stress-activated protein kinase inhibitors
  A JNK inhibitor
  A MAP kinase inhibitor
  A Dp38 inhibitor
  A PMK-1 inhibitors
  A p42 mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_91092
  A GSK-3 inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.26 inhibitor
  A tau-tubulin inhibitors
  A [tau-protein] kinase inhibitor
  A tau-protein kinase II inhibitors
  A ATP:[tau-protein] O-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A tau kinase inhibitor
  A GSK inhibitors
  A ATP:tau-protein O-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A brain protein kinase PK40erk inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor
  A GSK inhibitor
  A CDK5/p23 inhibitor
  A STK31 inhibitors
  A glycogen synthase kinase-3beta inhibitors
  A protein tau kinase inhibitor
  A cdk5/p20 inhibitor
  A TTK inhibitors
  A TPK I inhibitor
  A tau-protein kinase I inhibitor
  A TPK inhibitor
  A TTK inhibitor
  A STK31 inhibitor
  A TPK I inhibitors
  A tau-protein kinase II inhibitor
  A ATP:tau-protein O-phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A TPK II inhibitors
  A tau-tubulin inhibitor
  A ATP:[tau-protein] O-phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A brain protein kinase PK40erk inhibitors
  A GSK-3 inhibitors
  A glycogen synthase kinase-3beta inhibitor
  A TPK II inhibitor
  A TPK inhibitors
  A tau-protein kinase I inhibitors
  A cdk5/p20 inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.26 inhibitors
  A tau kinase inhibitors
  A protein tau kinase inhibitors
  A CDK5/p23 inhibitors
  A [tau-protein] kinase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_137123
  A ATP:[receptor-protein] phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A TGF-beta kinase inhibitor
  A receptor type II serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitor
  A receptor serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitors
  A TGF-beta kinase inhibitors
  A receptor protein serine/threonine kinase (EC 2.7.11.30) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.30 (receptor protein serine/threonine kinase) inhibitors
  A receptor type II serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.30 inhibitors
  A receptor protein serine/threonine kinase inhibitor
  A receptor type I serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitors
  A ATP:[receptor-protein] phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A receptor type I serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitor
  A inhibitor of receptor protein serine/threonine kinase
  A activin receptor kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.30 (receptor protein serine/threonine kinase) inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.30 inhibitor
  A STK13 inhibitors
  A receptor serine/threonine protein kinase inhibitor
  A activin receptor kinase inhibitor
  A STK13 inhibitor
  A receptor protein serine/threonine kinase inhibitors
  A receptor protein serine/threonine kinase (EC 2.7.11.30) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_78622
  A AMP-activated protein kinase inhibitors
  A reductase kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.31 ([hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase) inhibitors
  A beta-hydroxy-beta-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase inhibitors
  A AMPK inhibitor
  A 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase inhibitor
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase inhibitors
  A [hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH2)] kinase inhibitor
  A ATP:[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] phosphotransferase inhibitor
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitors
  A 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase inhibitors
  A HMG-CoA reductase kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.31 {[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase} inhibitor
  A AMP-activated protein kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.31 ([hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase) inhibitor
  A 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase inhibitors
  A [hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.31 inhibitor
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase inhibitor
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase inhibitor
  A beta-hydroxy-beta-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase inhibitor
  A [hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH2)] kinase inhibitors
  A HMG-CoA reductase kinase inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.11.31 inhibitors
  A AMPK inhibitors
  A ATP:[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] phosphotransferase inhibitors
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase kinase inhibitors
  A STK29 inhibitor
  A reductase kinase inhibitors
  A [hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase inhibitor
  A 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase inhibitor
  A EC 2.7.11.31 {[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase} inhibitors
  A STK29 inhibitors
  A hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase kinase (phosphorylating) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90780
  A RAC-alpha serine/threonine-protein kinase inhibitors
  A RAC-alpha serine/threonine-protein kinase inhibitor
  A AKT1 kinase inhibitors
  A AKT1 kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75047
  A B-Raf inhibitors
  A BRAF inhibitor
  A BRAF inhibitors
  A human mutant serine/threonine kinase inhibitor
  A human mutant serine/threonine kinase inhibitors
  A B-Raf inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90172
  A c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitors
  A JNK inhibitors
  A JNK inhibitor
  A c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_91202
  A transforming growth factor receptor antagonist
  A TGFbeta receptor antagonist
  A TGFR antagonists
  A TGFR antagonist
  A TGFbeta receptor antagonists
  A transforming growth factor receptor antagonists
obo:CHEBI_76617
  A Bruton's tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A PTK6 inhibitors
  A TEC inhibitors
  A SRC inhibitors
  A CAKb inhibitor
  A ATP:[protein]-L-tyrosine O-phosphotransferase (non-specific) inhibitor
  A ACK1 inhibitors
  A IYK inhibitor
  A ACK2 inhibitors
  A BRK inhibitor
  A SRM inhibitor
  A BMX inhibitor
  A ZAP70 inhibitor
  A SYK inhibitor
  A Janus kinase 2 inhibitor
  A ABL1 inhibitor
  A focal adhesion kinase inhibitor
  A Janus kinase inhibitor
  A CYL inhibitor
  A FES inhibitor
  A ACK2 inhibitor
  A PTK2B inhibitor
  A SRM inhibitors
  A JAK1 inhibitor
  A FAK2 inhibitors
  A YK2 inhibitor
  A LSK inhibitors
  A RAFTK inhibitor
  A L-JAK inhibitors
  A ARG inhibitors
  A TNK1 inhibitors
  A JTK1 inhibitors
  A SRC2 inhibitor
  A SRMS inhibitors
  A BRK inhibitors
  A STD inhibitor
  A Sik inhibitor
  A SRC inhibitor
  A BLK inhibitors
  A FES inhibitors
  A LYN inhibitors
  A Tsk inhibitors
  A Fadk inhibitor
  A EMT inhibitor
  A MATK inhibitor
  A ZAP70 inhibitors
  A ATP:[protein]-L-tyrosine O-phosphotransferase (non-specific) inhibitors
  A TYK2 inhibitor
  A Janus kinase 1 inhibitor
  A TXK inhibitor
  A CHK inhibitor
  A Bmk inhibitor
  A RAK inhibitors
  A TYK2 inhibitors
  A TXK inhibitors
  A JAK3 inhibitor
  A HYL inhibitors
  A IMD1 inhibitors
  A FPS inhibitors
  A ABLL inhibitors
  A Rlk inhibitor
  A PSCTK1 inhibitor
  A Rlk inhibitors
  A Ntk inhibitors
  A HCTK inhibitor
  A SYK inhibitors
  A HCK inhibitor
  A PKB inhibitors
  A BTK inhibitor
  A JTK9 inhibitors
  A ATK inhibitors
  A AGMX1 inhibitor
  A ATK inhibitor
  A p60c-src protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A EMT inhibitors
  A PSCTK1 inhibitors
  A RAFTK inhibitors
  A PSCTK4 inhibitor
  A LSK inhibitor
  A SRK inhibitor
  A FAK inhibitor
  A MATK inhibitors
  A PSCTK inhibitor
  A HCK inhibitors
  A PSCTK4 inhibitors
  A ABL1 inhibitors
  A LCK inhibitor
  A Bsk inhibitors
  A Fadk inhibitors
  A FER inhibitors
  A SRC2 inhibitors
  A Fert1/2 inhibitors
  A ABL inhibitor
  A Cdgip inhibitor
  A YES1 inhibitor
  A ARG inhibitor
  A PTK2 inhibitors
  A FAK2 inhibitor
  A CSK inhibitors
  A ABL2 inhibitors
  A PKB inhibitor
  A JAK3 inhibitors
  A Cdgip inhibitors
  A PSCTK2 inhibitor
  A TNK1 inhibitor
  A ITK inhibitors
  A RAK inhibitor
  A CTK inhibitor
  A AGMX1 inhibitors
  A STD inhibitors
  A CHK inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitors
  A Bsk inhibitor
  A JTK1 inhibitor
  A SYN inhibitor
  A PTK6 inhibitor
  A FYN inhibitors
  A ACK1 inhibitor
  A CYL inhibitors
  A Tck inhibitor
  A PSCTK inhibitors
  A HCTK inhibitors
  A TYK3 inhibitor
  A YK2 inhibitors
  A Janus kinase 2 inhibitors
  A FGR inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.10.2 inhibitor
  A ABL2 inhibitor
  A HYL inhibitor
  A ITK inhibitor
  A PSCTK2 inhibitors
  A PSCTK5 inhibitor
  A TYK3 inhibitors
  A Janus kinase 3 inhibitor
  A FRK inhibitor
  A cytoplasmic protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A JAK2 inhibitor
  A LYN inhibitor
  A SYN inhibitors
  A LCK inhibitors
  A PSCTK5 inhibitors
  A FPS inhibitor
  A Bmk inhibitors
  A ABL inhibitors
  A BTKL inhibitor
  A CSK inhibitor
  A BTKL inhibitors
  A BLK inhibitor
  A IMD1 inhibitor
  A FRK inhibitors
  A PTK2 inhibitor
  A FAK inhibitors
  A focal adhesion kinase inhibitors
  A ABLL inhibitor
  A CAKb inhibitors
  A SLK inhibitor
  A L-JAK inhibitor
  A FGR inhibitor
  A Tck inhibitors
  A Bruton's tyrosine kinase inhibitor
  A Ntk inhibitor
  A IYK inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor
  A PYK2 inhibitors
  A SLK inhibitors
  A Janus kinase 1 inhibitors
  A ETK inhibitors
  A cytoplasmic protein tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A JAK2 inhibitors
  A TEC inhibitor
  A FER inhibitor
  A JAK1 inhibitors
  A Sik inhibitors
  A FYN inhibitor
  A Janus kinase 3 inhibitors
  A p60c-src protein tyrosine kinase inhibitors
  A PYK2 inhibitor
  A Tsk inhibitor
  A BTK inhibitors
  A CTK inhibitors
  A PTK2B inhibitors
  A BMX inhibitors
  A Fert1/2 inhibitor
  A non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase (EC 2.7.10.2) inhibitor
  A ETK inhibitor
  A SRK inhibitors
  A EC 2.7.10.2 inhibitors
  A JTK9 inhibitor
  A SRMS inhibitor
  A non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase (EC 2.7.10.2) inhibitors
  A YES1 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76760
  A ester hydrolase (EC 3.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.* (ester hydrolase) inhibitors
  A ester hydrolase inhibitors
  A ester hydrolase (EC 3.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.* (ester hydrolase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.* inhibitors
  A ester hydrolase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76769
  A hydrolases acting on sulfur-nitrogen bonds (EC 3.10.*) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on S-N bonds (EC 3.10.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on sulfur-nitrogen bonds (EC 3.10.*)
  A hydrolases acting on S-N bonds (EC 3.10.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on S-N bonds (EC 3.10.*)
  A EC 3.10.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.10.* (hydrolases acting on sulfur-nitrogen bonds) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on sulfur-nitrogen bonds
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on S-N bonds
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on S-N bonds
  A EC 3.10.* (hydrolases acting on sulfur-nitrogen bonds) inhibitors
  A EC 3.10.* (hydrolases acting on S-N bonds) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on S-N bonds (EC 3.10.*)
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on sulfur-nitrogen bonds
  A EC 3.10.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.10.* (hydrolases acting on S-N bonds) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on sulfur-nitrogen bonds (EC 3.10.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on sulfur-nitrogen bonds (EC 3.10.*)
obo:CHEBI_76770
  A hydrolases acting on C-P bonds (EC 3.11.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on C-P bonds
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on C-P bonds (EC 3.11.*)
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on carbon-phosphorus bonds (EC 3.11.*)
  A hydrolases acting on carbon-phosphorus bonds (EC 3.11.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on C-P bonds (EC 3.11.*)
  A hydrolases acting on C-P bonds (EC 3.11.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.11.* inhibitors
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on carbon-phosphorus bonds
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on C-P bonds
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on carbon-phosphorus bonds
  A EC 3.11.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.11.* (hydrolases acting on C-P bonds) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on carbon-phosphorus bonds (EC 3.11.*)
  A EC 3.11.* (hydrolases acting on carbon-phosphorus bonds) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on carbon-phosphorus bonds (EC 3.11.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.11.* (hydrolases acting on C-P bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.11.* (hydrolases acting on carbon-phosphorus bonds) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76771
  A hydrolases acting on sulfur-sulfur bonds (EC 3.12.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.12.* (hydrolases acting on S-S bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.12.* (hydrolases acting on sulfur-sulfur bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.12.* (hydrolases acting on sulfur-sulfur bonds) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on S-S bonds (EC 3.12.*) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on sulfur-sulfur bonds inhibitors
  A EC 3.12.* (hydrolases acting on S-S bonds) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on S-S bonds inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on sulfur-sulfur bonds inhibitor
  A EC 3.12.* inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on sulfur-sulfur bonds (EC 3.12.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.12.* inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on S-S bonds inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on S-S bonds (EC 3.12.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76772
  A EC 3.13.* (hydrolases acting on carbon-sulfur bonds) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on carbon-sulfur bonds inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on carbon-sulfur bonds (EC 3.13.*) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on C-S bonds inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on carbon-sulfur bonds (EC 3.13.*) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on C-S bonds inhibitor
  A EC 3.13.* inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on carbon-sulfur bonds inhibitor
  A EC 3.13.* (hydrolases acting on C-S bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.13.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.13.* (hydrolases acting on C-S bonds) inhibitors
  A EC 3.13.* (hydrolases acting on carbon-sulfur bonds) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on C-S bonds (EC 3.13.*) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on C-S bonds (EC 3.13.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76761
  A glycosylase (EC 3.2.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.* (glycosylase) inhibitors
  A glycosylase (EC 3.2.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.* (glycosylase) inhibitor
  A glycosylase inhibitor
  A glycosylase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76762
  A EC 3.3.* inhibitors
  A ether hydrolase (EC 3.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.3.* (hydrolase acting on ether bond) inhibitors
  A EC 3.3.* (ether hydrolase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.3.* inhibitor
  A ether hydrolase (EC 3.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.3.* (ether hydrolase) inhibitors
  A ether hydrolase inhibitors
  A ether hydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.3.* (hydrolase acting on ether bond) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_60258
  A EC 3.4.* (hydrolase acting on peptide bond) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on peptide bond (EC 3.4.*)
  A protease inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.* (hydrolases acting on peptide bond) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.* (peptidase) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on peptide bond (EC 3.4.*)
  A peptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.* (peptidase) inhibitor
  A protease inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.* (hydrolases acting on peptide bond) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.* (hydrolase acting on peptide bonds) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76764
  A EC 3.5.* (hydrolases acting on C-N bonds, other than peptide bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.* (hydrolase acting on non-peptide C-N bond) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.* (hydrolases acting on non-peptide C-N bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.* (hydrolases acting on C-N bonds, other than peptide bonds) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.* (hydrolases acting on non-peptide C-N bonds) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.* (hydrolase acting on non-peptide C-N bond) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73216
  A acid anhydride hydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.*.* inhibitors
  A inhibitors of hydrolase acting on acid anhydride (EC 3.6.*)
  A EC 3.6 inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.*.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.* (hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides) inhibitors
  A acid anhydride hydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.* (hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6 inhibitor
  A inhibitor of hydrolase acting on acid anhydride (EC 3.6.*)
obo:CHEBI_76766
  A EC 3.7.* (hydrolases acting on carbon-carbon bonds) inhibitors
  A EC 3.7.* (hydrolases acting on C-C bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.7.* (hydrolases acting on C-C bonds) inhibitors
  A EC 3.7.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.7.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.7.* (hydrolases acting on carbon-carbon bonds) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76767
  A EC 3.8.* (hydrolases acting on halide bonds) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on halide bonds (EC 3.8.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on halide bonds (EC 3.8.*)
  A EC 3.8.* (hydrolases acting on halide bonds) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on halide bonds (EC 3.8.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.8.* inhibitor
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on halide bonds (EC 3.8.*)
  A EC 3.8.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76768
  A hydrolases acting on phosphorus-nitrogen bonds (EC 3.9.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.9.* (hydrolases acting on phosphorus-nitrogen bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.9.* (hydrolases acting on P-N bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 3.9.* inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on P-N bonds (EC 3.9.*) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on phosphorus-nitrogen bonds (EC 3.9.*)
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on P-N bonds (EC 3.9.*)
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on phosphorus-nitrogen bonds
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on phosphorus-nitrogen bonds
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on P-N bonds
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on phosphorus-nitrogen bonds (EC 3.9.*)
  A EC 3.9.* (hydrolases acting on phosphorus-nitrogen bonds) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on P-N bonds (EC 3.9.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.9.* (hydrolases acting on P-N bonds) inhibitors
  A EC 3.9.* inhibitors
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on P-N bonds (EC 3.9.*)
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on P-N bonds
  A hydrolases acting on phosphorus-nitrogen bonds (EC 3.9.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76773
  A EC 3.1.1.* (carboxylic ester hydrolase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.* (carboxylic ester hydrolase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.* inhibitors
  A carboxylic ester hydrolase (EC 3.1.1.*) inhibitor
  A carboxylic ester hydrolase (EC 3.1.1.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76785
  A EC 3.1.26.* inhibitors
  A endoribonuclease producing 5'-phosphomonoesters (EC 3.1.26.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.26.* (endoribonucleases producing 5'-phosphomonoesters) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.26.* inhibitor
  A endoribonuclease producing 5'-phosphomonoesters inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.26.* (endoribonucleases producing 5'-phosphomonoesters) inhibitor
  A endoribonuclease producing 5'-phosphomonoesters inhibitor
  A endoribonuclease producing 5'-phosphomonoesters (EC 3.1.26.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76791
  A EC 3.1.27.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.27.* (endoribonucleases producing other than 5'-phosphomonoesters) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of endoribonucleases producing other than 5'-phosphomonoesters (EC 3.1.27.*)
  A EC 3.1.27.* inhibitor
  A inhibitors of endoribonucleases producing other than 5'-phosphomonoesters
  A inhibitor of endoribonucleases producing other than 5'-phosphomonoesters
  A inhibitor of endoribonucleases producing other than 5'-phosphomonoesters (EC 3.1.27.*)
  A EC 3.1.27.* (endoribonucleases producing other than 5'-phosphomonoesters) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76775
  A phosphoric monoester hydrolase inhibitor
  A phosphoric monoester hydrolase inhibitors
  A phosphoric monoester hydrolase (EC 3.1.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.* (phosphoric monoester hydrolase) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of phosphoric monoester hydrolase (EC 3.1.3.*)
  A EC 3.1.3.* inhibitors
  A inhibitors of phosphoric monoester hydrolase (EC 3.1.3.*)
  A EC 3.1.3.* (phosphoric monoester hydrolase) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of phosphoric monoester hydrolase
  A inhibitors of phosphoric monoester hydrolase
  A phosphoric monoester hydrolase (EC 3.1.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50218
  A phosphoric diester hydrolase (EC 3.1.4.*) inhibitor
  A phosphoric diester hydrolase inhibitor
  A phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A phosphoric diester hydrolase inhibitors
  A phosphoric diester hydrolase (EC 3.1.4.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78444
  A carboxylic esterase inhibitor
  A esterase D inhibitors
  A carboxylic esterase inhibitors
  A carboxyl ester hydrolase inhibitor
  A vitamin A esterase inhibitors
  A propionyl esterase inhibitors
  A carboxylesterase inhibitors
  A cocaine esterase inhibitor
  A esterase D inhibitor
  A nonspecific carboxylesterase inhibitors
  A butyryl esterase inhibitor
  A cocaine esterase inhibitors
  A Beta-esterase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitors
  A ali-esterase inhibitors
  A monobutyrase inhibitors
  A serine esterase inhibitors
  A triacetin esterase inhibitor
  A methylbutyrate esterase inhibitors
  A procaine esterase inhibitor
  A carboxylic acid esterase inhibitors
  A butyryl esterase inhibitors
  A propionyl esterase inhibitor
  A serine esterase inhibitor
  A carboxylic acid esterase inhibitor
  A carboxylate esterase inhibitors
  A procaine esterase inhibitors
  A methylbutyrate esterase inhibitor
  A esterase B inhibitors
  A nonspecific carboxylesterase inhibitor
  A methylbutyrase inhibitors
  A esterase A inhibitor
  A Alpha-carboxylesterase inhibitors
  A carboxyl ester hydrolase inhibitors
  A carboxylic-ester hydrolase inhibitors
  A ali-esterase inhibitor
  A vitamin A esterase inhibitor
  A carboxylesterase inhibitor
  A carboxylic-ester hydrolase inhibitor
  A Alpha-carboxylesterase inhibitor
  A butyrate esterase inhibitors
  A Beta-esterase inhibitors
  A carboxylate esterase inhibitor
  A esterase A inhibitors
  A monobutyrase inhibitor
  A butyrate esterase inhibitor
  A triacetin esterase inhibitors
  A esterase B inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor
  A methylbutyrase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_65001
  A butyrinase inhibitors
  A capalase L inhibitor
  A butyrinase inhibitor
  A pancreatic triacylglycerol lipase inhibitor
  A PPL inhibitors
  A tween-hydrolysing esterase inhibitor
  A tributyrase inhibitor
  A triacylglycerol lipase (EC 3.1.1.3) inhibitor
  A lipazin inhibitors
  A tributyrinase inhibitor
  A tributyrin esterase inhibitors
  A post-heparin plasma protamine-resistant lipase inhibitor
  A salt-resistant post-heparin lipase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.3 inhibitors
  A pancreatic lipase inhibitor
  A triglyceride hydrolase inhibitors
  A triacetinase inhibitor
  A triolein hydrolase inhibitors
  A triglyceridase inhibitors
  A liver lipase inhibitors
  A glycerol ester hydrolase inhibitor
  A Tweenase inhibitors
  A triglyceride hydrolase inhibitor
  A tributyrase inhibitors
  A GEH inhibitors
  A salt-resistant post-heparin lipase inhibitors
  A capalase L inhibitors
  A tween-hydrolyzing esterase inhibitors
  A glycerol-ester hydrolase inhibitor
  A triacylglycerol lipase inhibitors
  A Tweenesterase inhibitors
  A glycerol ester hydrolase inhibitors
  A pancreatic triacylglycerol lipase inhibitors
  A heparin releasable hepatic lipase inhibitors
  A Tween hydrolase inhibitor
  A cacordase inhibitors
  A hepatic monoacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitor
  A triacetinase inhibitors
  A cacordase inhibitor
  A liver lipase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitors
  A Tweenase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor
  A steapsin inhibitor
  A lipase inhibitors
  A triacylglycerol lipase inhibitor
  A heparin releasable hepatic lipase inhibitor
  A lipazin inhibitor
  A hepatic lipase inhibitors
  A triglyceride lipase inhibitors
  A steapsin inhibitors
  A triacylglycerol ester hydrolase inhibitor
  A hepatic lipase inhibitor
  A tributyrinase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.1.3 inhibitor
  A triglyceride lipase inhibitor
  A Tweenesterase inhibitor
  A triglyceridase inhibitor
  A GEH inhibitor
  A Tween hydrolase inhibitors
  A pancreatic lipase inhibitors
  A post-heparin plasma protamine-resistant lipase inhibitors
  A PPL inhibitor
  A triacylglycerol ester hydrolase inhibitors
  A triolein hydrolase inhibitor
  A triacylglycerol lipase (EC 3.1.1.3) inhibitors
  A hepatic monoacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitors
  A lipase inhibitor
  A glycerol-ester hydrolase inhibitors
  A tributyrin esterase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50469
  A phosphatidylcholine 2-acylhydrolase inhibitors
  A phosphatidase inhibitors
  A lecithinase A inhibitor
  A phospholipase A inhibitors
  A phospholipase A2 inhibitors
  A phospholipase A2 inhibitor
  A phosphatidylcholine 2-acylhydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.4 inhibitors
  A lecithinase A inhibitors
  A phosphatidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.4 inhibitor
  A phospholipase A inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor
  A phospholipase A2 (EC 3.1.1.4) inhibitor
  A phosphatidolipase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitors
  A phospholipase A2 (EC 3.1.1.4) inhibitors
  A phosphatidolipase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78372
  A lysophosphatidase inhibitors
  A lysophospholipase transacylase inhibitor
  A lysophospholipase inhibitors
  A lysophosphatidylcholine hydrolase inhibitor
  A lysophopholipase L2 inhibitor
  A lysophospholipase (EC 3.1.1.5) inhibitors
  A neuropathy target esterase inhibitors
  A phospholipase B inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.1.5 inhibitor
  A lysophospholipase A1 inhibitors
  A 2-lysophosphatidylcholine acylhydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.1.5 (lysophospholipase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.5 (lysophospholipase) inhibitors
  A lysophospholipase transacylase inhibitors
  A NTE inhibitors
  A lysophospholipase A1 inhibitor
  A lysolecithinase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.5 inhibitors
  A NTE-LysoPLA inhibitor
  A lysophopholipase L2 inhibitors
  A lysophospholipase inhibitor
  A 2-lysophosphatidylcholine acylhydrolase inhibitor
  A NTE inhibitor
  A lecitholipase inhibitor
  A lysolecithinase inhibitors
  A lecithinase B inhibitor
  A phosphatidase B inhibitor
  A lysophospholipase (EC 3.1.1.5) inhibitor
  A lysophosphatidylcholine hydrolase inhibitors
  A phospholipase B inhibitor
  A neuropathy target esterase inhibitor
  A lysophosphatidase inhibitor
  A NTE-LysoPLA inhibitors
  A phosphatidase B inhibitors
  A NTE-lysophospholipase inhibitors
  A lecithinase B inhibitors
  A lecitholipase inhibitors
  A NTE-lysophospholipase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38462
  A choline esterase I inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.7 inhibitor
  A acetylthiocholinesterase inhibitor
  A true cholinesterase inhibitor
  A acetyl.beta-methylcholinesterase inhibitor
  A acetylcholine acetylhydrolase inhibitor
  A acetylcholine hydrolase inhibitor
  A AcCholE inhibitor
  A acetylcholinesterase (EC 3.1.1.7) inhibitors
  A acetylthiocholinesterase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitors
  A acetylcholine hydrolase inhibitors
  A acetylcholinesterase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.1.7 inhibitors
  A acetylcholinesterase (EC 3.1.1.7) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor
  A acetylcholine acetylhydrolase inhibitors
  A cholinesterase inhibitor
  A AcCholE inhibitors
  A acetylcholinesterase inhibitor
  A acetyl.beta-methylcholinesterase inhibitors
  A acetylcholine esterase inhibitor
  A true cholinesterase inhibitors
  A AChEI
  A choline esterase I inhibitors
  A cholinesterase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_37733
  A butyrylcholinesterase inhibitor
  A non-specific cholinesterase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.8 inhibitor
  A BChE inhibitors
  A propionylcholinesterase inhibitor
  A cholinesterase (EC 3.1.1.8) inhibitor
  A cholinesterase (EC 3.1.1.8) inhibitors
  A BtChoEase inhibitors
  A cholinesterase inhibitor
  A non-specific cholinesterase inhibitors
  A anticholinesterase
  A anticholineesterase inhibitor
  A choline esterase II (unspecific) inhibitors
  A choline esterase inhibitors
  A benzoylcholinesterase inhibitor
  A butyrylcholinesterase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.1.8 inhibitors
  A benzoylcholinesterase inhibitors
  A anticholinesterases
  A BChE inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitors
  A pseudocholinesterase inhibitors
  A pseudocholinesterase inhibitor
  A choline esterase II (unspecific) inhibitor
  A choline esterase inhibitor
  A butyrylcholine esterase inhibitors
  A propionylcholinesterase inhibitors
  A anticholineesterase inhibitors
  A butyrylcholine esterase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor
  A BtChoEase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_74949
  A ribonuclease N1 inhibitor
  A ribonuclease N1 inhibitors
  A ribonuclease T1 (EC 3.1.27.3) inhibitor
  A binase inhibitors
  A ribonuclease PP1 inhibitor
  A ribonuclease Ch inhibitor
  A RNase Sa inhibitor
  A ribonuclease guaninenucleotido-2'-transferase (cyclizing) inhibitor
  A RNase T1 inhibitor
  A Aspergillus oryzae ribonuclease inhibitor
  A guanyl-specific RNase inhibitors
  A ribonuclease guaninenucleotido-2'-transferase (cyclising) inhibitors
  A RNase G inhibitor
  A RNase T1 inhibitors
  A ribonuclease F1 inhibitor
  A ribonuclease N3 inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.27.3 (ribonuclease T1) inhibitor
  A ribonuclease C2 inhibitors
  A T1 inhibitor
  A Aspergillus oryzae ribonuclease inhibitors
  A guanyloribonuclease inhibitors
  A ribonuclease T1 inhibitor
  A RNase N2 inhibitors
  A ribonuclease U1 inhibitors
  A RNase N1 inhibitor
  A ribonuclease T1 (EC 3.1.27.3) inhibitors
  A ribonuclease guaninenucleotido-2'-transferase (cyclizing) inhibitors
  A binase inhibitor
  A ribonuclease N3 inhibitor
  A RNase F1 inhibitors
  A RNase N1 inhibitors
  A ribonuclease SA inhibitors
  A RNase G inhibitors
  A ribonuclease PP1 inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.27.3 (ribonuclease T1) inhibitors
  A ribonuclease Ch inhibitors
  A ribonuclease U1 inhibitor
  A guanyloribonuclease inhibitor
  A RNase F1 inhibitor
  A guanyl-specific RNase inhibitor
  A RNase N2 inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.27.3 inhibitors
  A ribonuclease T1 inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.27.3 inhibitor
  A ribonuclease C2 inhibitor
  A RNase Sa inhibitors
  A ribonuclease F1 inhibitors
  A T1 inhibitors
  A ribonuclease guaninenucleotido-2'-transferase (cyclising) inhibitor
  A ribonuclease SA inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63332
  A phosphate-monoester phosphohydrolase (alkaline optimum) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.1 (alkaline phosphatase) inhibitors
  A alkaline phosphomonoesterase inhibitor
  A orthophosphoric-monoester phosphohydrolase (alkaline optimum) inhibitor
  A alkaline phenyl phosphatase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.1 inhibitors
  A alkaline phosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A phosphate-monoester phosphohydrolase (alkaline optimum) inhibitors
  A alkaline phosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A orthophosphoric-monoester phosphohydrolase (alkaline optimum) inhibitors
  A glycerophosphatase inhibitors
  A alkaline phosphomonoesterase inhibitors
  A alkaline phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.1) inhibitor
  A phosphomonoesterase inhibitors
  A phosphomonoesterase inhibitor
  A alkaline phenyl phosphatase inhibitor
  A glycerophosphatase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.1 (alkaline phosphatase) inhibitor
  A alkaline phosphatase inhibitor
  A alkaline phosphatase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.1 inhibitor
  A alkaline phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.1) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_65056
  A hexose diphosphatase inhibitor
  A fructose-bisphosphatase (EC 3.1.3.11) inhibitors
  A fructose bisphosphate phosphatase inhibitors
  A fructose 1,6-diphosphatase inhibitor
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate phosphatase inhibitor
  A fructose diphosphatase inhibitors
  A D-fructose 1,6-diphosphatase inhibitors
  A FBPase inhibitors
  A fructose 1,6-diphosphate phosphatase inhibitors
  A fructose-bisphosphatase (EC 3.1.3.11) inhibitor
  A fructose 1,6-bisphosphate phosphatase inhibitors
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A fructose diphosphate phosphatase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.11 (fructose-bisphosphatase) inhibitor
  A fructose-bisphosphatase inhibitors
  A fructose 1,6-diphosphate phosphatase inhibitor
  A fructose 1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphatase inhibitors
  A D-fructose 1,6-diphosphatase inhibitor
  A FBPase inhibitor
  A fructose 1,6-bisphosphate phosphatase inhibitor
  A hexose bisphosphatase inhibitor
  A fructose diphosphatase inhibitor
  A fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase inhibitor
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate phosphatase inhibitors
  A hexose bisphosphatase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.11 inhibitors
  A fructose 1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphatase inhibitor
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A fructose 1,6-diphosphatase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.11 (fructose-bisphosphatase) inhibitors
  A fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase inhibitors
  A fructose-bisphosphatase inhibitor
  A fructose diphosphate phosphatase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.11 inhibitor
  A fructose bisphosphate phosphatase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_37153
  A phosphatase IV inhibitor
  A phosphatase 2B inhibitors
  A phosphatase III inhibitors
  A branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphatase C-II inhibitors
  A phosphospectrin phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphoprotein phosphatase inhibitors
  A HMG-CoA reductase phosphatase inhibitors
  A protein phosphatase-2B inhibitor
  A protein serine/threonine phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.16) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.16 (protein serine/threonine phosphatase) inhibitors
  A protein phosphatase-1 inhibitors
  A phosphatase SP inhibitors
  A phosphatase IV inhibitors
  A protein serine/threonine phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphatase H-II inhibitors
  A phosphatase IB inhibitors
  A phosphatase I inhibitor
  A protein phosphatase-1 inhibitor
  A protein phosphatase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.16 inhibitors
  A 3-hydroxy 3-methylglutaryl coenzymeA reductase phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphoprotein phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.16) inhibitor
  A protein phosphatase-2A inhibitor
  A Aspergillus awamori acid protein phosphatase inhibitor
  A serine/threonine specific protein phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphoprotein phosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A phosphatase II inhibitor
  A phosphoprotein phosphatase inhibitor
  A casein phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphatase SP inhibitor
  A protein phosphatase-2A inhibitors
  A phosphatase II inhibitors
  A BCKDH phosphatase inhibitors
  A Aspergillus awamori acid protein phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphopyruvate dehydrogenase phosphatase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.16 inhibitor
  A phosphatase III inhibitor
  A phosphospectrin phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphatase 2B inhibitor
  A protein D phosphatase inhibitors
  A BCKDH phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphatase H-II inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor
  A branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase phosphatase inhibitors
  A protein D phosphatase inhibitor
  A polycation modulated (PCM-) phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphoprotein phosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A phosphatase 2A inhibitors
  A phosphatase IB inhibitor
  A 3-hydroxy 3-methylglutaryl coenzymeA reductase phosphatase inhibitor
  A calcineurin inhibitor
  A HMG-CoA reductase phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphopyruvate dehydrogenase phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphoprotein phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.16) inhibitors
  A calcineurin inhibitors
  A protein phosphatase inhibitors
  A serine/threonine specific protein phosphatase inhibitors
  A protein phosphatase-2B inhibitors
  A casein phosphatase inhibitor
  A protein serine/threonine phosphatase inhibitor
  A protein phosphatase-2C inhibitors
  A protein phosphatase-2C inhibitor
  A phosphatase I inhibitors
  A phosphatase 2A inhibitor
  A phosphatase C-II inhibitor
  A polycation modulated (PCM-) phosphatase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77024
  A K-pNPPase inhibitor
  A 4-nitrophenylphosphatase (EC 3.1.3.41) inhibitor
  A p-nitrophenylphosphate phosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A Ecto-p-nitrophenyl phosphatase inhibitor
  A nitrophenyl phosphatase inhibitors
  A NPPase inhibitor
  A nitrophenyl phosphatase inhibitor
  A PNPPase inhibitors
  A p-nitrophenylphosphate phosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A p-nitrophenylphosphatase inhibitors
  A 4-nitrophenylphosphatase (EC 3.1.3.41) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.41 (4-nitrophenylphosphatase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.41 (4-nitrophenylphosphatase) inhibitors
  A PNPPase inhibitor
  A NPPase inhibitors
  A p-nitrophenylphosphatase inhibitor
  A xK-pNPPase inhibitors
  A Ecto-p-nitrophenyl phosphatase inhibitors
  A K-pNPPase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.41 inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.41 inhibitors
  A para-nitrophenyl phosphatase inhibitors
  A para-nitrophenyl phosphatase inhibitor
  A 4-nitrophenylphosphate phosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A 4-nitrophenylphosphate phosphohydrolase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_35608
  A protein-tyrosine-phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphotyrosine phosphatase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor
  A protein tyrosine phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphotyrosine protein phosphatase inhibitors
  A PTPase inhibitor
  A phosphotyrosine histone phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphotyrosylprotein phosphatase inhibitors
  A [phosphotyrosine]protein phosphatase inhibitor
  A protein-tyrosine-phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.48) inhibitors
  A protein phosphotyrosine phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphotyrosine histone phosphatase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.3.48 inhibitors
  A protein phosphotyrosine phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphotyrosylprotein phosphatase inhibitor
  A phosphotyrosine protein phosphatase inhibitor
  A PTPase inhibitors
  A phosphoprotein phosphatase (phosphotyrosine) inhibitors
  A phosphotyrosine phosphatase inhibitors
  A tyrosine O-phosphate phosphatase inhibitor
  A PPT-phosphatase inhibitors
  A PTP-phosphatase inhibitor
  A protein tyrosine phosphatase inhibitor
  A tyrosylprotein phosphatase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.3.48 inhibitor
  A protein-tyrosine-phosphate phosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A protein-tyrosine-phosphatase (EC 3.1.3.48) inhibitor
  A tyrosylprotein phosphatase inhibitors
  A PTP-phosphatase inhibitors
  A phosphoprotein phosphatase (phosphotyrosine) inhibitor
  A protein-tyrosine-phosphate phosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A protein-tyrosine-phosphatase inhibitor
  A PPT-phosphatase inhibitor
  A tyrosine O-phosphate phosphatase inhibitors
  A [phosphotyrosine]protein phosphatase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50444
  A adenosine phosphodiesterase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64763
  A 1-phosphatidyl-D-myo-inositol-4,5-bisphosphate inositoltrisphosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C inhibitors
  A 1-phosphatidyl-D-myo-inositol-4,5-bisphosphate inositoltrisphosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C inhibitor
  A phosphatidylinositol-specific phospholipase C inhibitor
  A PI-PLC inhibitors
  A 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol-4,5-bisphosphate inositoltrisphosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A monophosphatidylinositol phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A PI-PLC inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.11 inhibitors
  A triphosphoinositide phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A triphosphoinositide phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A phosphoinositidase C inhibitor
  A 1-phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A phosphatidylinositol phospholipase C inhibitors
  A 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol-4,5-bisphosphate inositoltrisphosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C (EC 3.1.4.11) inhibitor
  A phosphoinositidase C inhibitors
  A phosphatidylinositol-specific phospholipase C inhibitors
  A 1-phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.11 (phosphoinositide phospholipase C) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.11 (phosphoinositide phospholipase C) inhibitor
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C (EC 3.1.4.11) inhibitors
  A phosphatidylinositol phospholipase C inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.11 inhibitor
  A monophosphatidylinositol phosphodiesterase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76811
  A acid sphingomyelinase inhibitor
  A neutral sphingomyelinase inhibitors
  A acid sphingomyelinase inhibitors
  A SMase inhibitors
  A sphingomyelin cholinephosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A SMase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.12 inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.12 inhibitors
  A neutral sphingomyelinase inhibitor
  A sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase (EC 3.1.4.12) inhibitor
  A sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.12 (sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase) inhibitor
  A sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase (EC 3.1.4.12) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.12 (sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase) inhibitors
  A sphingomyelin cholinephosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50568
  A 3',5'-nucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide 5'-nucleotidohydrolase inhibitors
  A nucleoside-3',5-monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.17 (3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase) inhibitor
  A cyclic 3',5'-nucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic nucleoside monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclonucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A 3': 5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase (cyclic CMP) inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic nucleoside monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A 3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A nucleoside-3',5-monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A 3',5'-cyclonucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A cyclic 3',5-nucleotide monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A 3':5'-cyclic nucleotide 5'-nucleotidohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.17 inhibitor
  A phosphodiesterase III inhibitor
  A cyclic 3',5-nucleotide monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A 3',5'-nucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.17 inhibitors
  A cyclic 3',5'-phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A cyclic 3',5'-mononucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A PDE inhibitors
  A 3': 5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase (cyclic CMP) inhibitors
  A cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A nucleoside 3',5'-cyclic phosphate diesterase inhibitors
  A cytidine 3':5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase (cyclic CMP) inhibitors
  A 3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide 5'-nucleotidohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.17 (3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase) inhibitors
  A cytidine 3':5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase (cyclic CMP) inhibitor
  A PDE inhibitor
  A 3':5'-cyclic nucleotide 5'-nucleotidohydrolase inhibitors
  A cyclic 3',5'-mononucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A nucleoside 3',5'-cyclic phosphate diesterase inhibitor
  A cyclic 3',5'-nucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A cyclic 3',5'-phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_71942
  A cyclic guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A PDE5 inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic-GMP 5'-nucleotidohydrolase inhibitors
  A type 5 phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A type 5 phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A cyclic 3',5'-GMP phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A 3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase (EC 3.1.4.35) inhibitor
  A cyclic guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A guanosine cyclic 3',5'-phosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A cGMP-PDE inhibitors
  A phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic-GMP 5'-nucleotidohydrolase inhibitor
  A cyclic guanosine 3',5'-phosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A PDE5 inhibitors
  A guanosine cyclic 3',5'-phosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A cyclic 3',5'-GMP phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A cyclic GMP phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.35 inhibitor
  A phosphodiesterase V inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.35 (3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.35 (3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitors
  A cGMP phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors
  A cGMP phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase (EC 3.1.4.35) inhibitors
  A cGMP-PDE inhibitor
  A cyclic guanosine 3',5'-phosphate phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.35 inhibitors
  A cyclic GMP phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A phosphodiesterase V inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77758
  A 3',5'-cyclic-AMP 5'-nucleotidohydrolase inhibitor
  A cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic-AMP 5'-nucleotidohydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.53 (3',5'-cyclic-AMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.1.4.53 inhibitors
  A 3',5'-cyclic-AMP phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.53 inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic-AMP phosphodiesterase (EC 3.1.4.53) inhibitor
  A cAMP-specific PDE inhibitors
  A cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A cAMP-specific PDE inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic-AMP phosphodiesterase (EC 3.1.4.53) inhibitors
  A EC 3.1.4.53 (3',5'-cyclic-AMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitors
  A 3',5'-cyclic-AMP phosphodiesterase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_68844
  A PDE4 inhibitor
  A PDE4 inhibitors
  A type 4 phosphodiesterase inhibitors
  A phosphodiesterase IV inhibitors
  A phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors
  A type 4 phosphodiesterase inhibitor
  A phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor
  A phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76883
  A EC 3.11.1.* (hydrolases acting on C-P bonds of phosphono-acetaldehyde, -acetate, or -pyruvate) inhibitors
  A EC 3.11.1.* inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on C-P bonds of phosphono-acetaldehyde, -acetate, or -pyruvate (EC 3.11.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.11.1.* (hydrolases acting on C-P bonds of phosphono-acetaldehyde, -acetate, or -pyruvate) inhibitor
  A EC 3.11.1.* inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on C-P bonds of phosphono-acetaldehyde, -acetate, or -pyruvate (EC 3.11.1.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_62609
  A EC 3.11.1.3 (phosphonopyruvate hydrolase) inhibitor
  A phosphonopyruvate hydrolase inhibitor
  A phosphonopyruvate hydrolase (EC 3.11.1.3) inhibitors
  A phosphonopyruvate hydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.11.1.3 inhibitors
  A EC 3.11.1.3 inhibitor
  A phosphonopyruvate hydrolase (EC 3.11.1.3) inhibitor
  A PPH inhibitors
  A PPH inhibitor
  A EC 3.11.1.3 (phosphonopyruvate hydrolase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_52424
  A EC 3.2.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.* (glycosidase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.* inhibitors
  A glycosidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.* (glycosidase) inhibitors
  A glycoside hydrolase inhibitors
  A glycosidase inhibitor
  A glycosidase (EC 3.2.1.*) inhibitors
  A glycosidase (EC 3.2.1.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50627
  A alpha-amylase (EC 3.2.1.1) inhibitors
  A 4-alpha-D-glucan glucanohydrolase inhibitors
  A glycogenase inhibitors
  A glycogenase inhibitor
  A alpha-amylase inhibitor
  A 1,4-alpha-D-glucan glucanohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.1 inhibitor
  A 4-alpha-D-glucan glucanohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.1 inhibitors
  A endoamylase inhibitor
  A 1,4-alpha-D-glucan glucanohydrolase inhibitors
  A alpha-amylase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.1 (alpha-amylase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.1 (alpha-amylase) inhibitor
  A alpha-amylase (EC 3.2.1.1) inhibitor
  A Taka-amylase A inhibitors
  A Taka-amylase A inhibitor
  A endoamylase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_67232
  A oligo-1,6-glucosidase (EC 3.2.1.10) inhibitor
  A dextrin 6alpha-glucanohydrolase inhibitor
  A alpha-limit dextrinase inhibitor
  A dextrin 6-glucanohydrolase inhibitor
  A oligo-1,6-glucosidase (EC 3.2.1.10) inhibitors
  A oligo-1,6-glucosidase inhibitor
  A oligo-1,6-glucosidase inhibitors
  A oligosaccharide alpha-1,6-glucohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.10 inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.10 (oligo-1,6-glucosidase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.10 (oligo-1,6-glucosidase) inhibitor
  A alpha-limit dextrinase inhibitors
  A sucrase-isomaltase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.10 inhibitors
  A exo-oligo-1,6-glucosidase inhibitors
  A dextrin 6alpha-glucanohydrolase inhibitors
  A exo-oligo-1,6-glucosidase inhibitor
  A dextrin 6-glucanohydrolase inhibitors
  A isomaltase inhibitors
  A sucrase-isomaltase inhibitors
  A oligosaccharide alpha-1,6-glucohydrolase inhibitors
  A isomaltase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_65239
  A mannosyl-oligosaccharide 1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase (EC 3.2.1.114) inhibitor
  A ManII inhibitors
  A golgi alpha-mannosidase II inhibitor
  A (1->3)-(1->6)-mannosyl-oligosaccharide alpha-D-mannohydrolase inhibitors
  A 1,3-(1,6-)mannosyl-oligosaccharide alpha-D-mannohydrolase inhibitor
  A GlcNAc transferase I-dependent alpha1,3[alpha1,6]mannosidase inhibitor
  A Golgi alpha-mannosidase II inhibitors
  A exo-1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase inhibitor
  A GlcNAc transferase I-dependent alpha1,3[alpha1,6]mannosidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.114 inhibitors
  A mannosyl-oligosaccharide 1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase (EC 3.2.1.114) inhibitors
  A mannosyl-oligosaccharide 1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase inhibitors
  A ManII inhibitor
  A alpha-D-mannosidase II inhibitors
  A 1,3-(1,6-)mannosyl-oligosaccharide alpha-D-mannohydrolase inhibitors
  A alpha-mannosidase II inhibitors
  A alpha1-3,6-mannosidase inhibitor
  A Golgi alpha-mannosidase II inhibitor
  A mannosidase II inhibitor
  A 1,3(1,6)-alpha-D-mannosidase inhibitors
  A mannosidase II inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.114 inhibitor
  A exo-1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.114 (mannosyl-oligosaccharide 1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase) inhibitor
  A (1->3)-(1->6)-mannosyl-oligosaccharide alpha-D-mannohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.114 (mannosyl-oligosaccharide 1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase) inhibitors
  A mannosyl-oligosaccharide 1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase inhibitor
  A alpha1-3,6-mannosidase inhibitors
  A golgi alpha-mannosidase II inhibitors
  A 1,3(1,6)-alpha-D-mannosidase inhibitor
  A alpha-mannosidase II inhibitor
  A alpha-D-mannosidase II inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64955
  A HPSE inhibitor
  A heparan sulfate N-sulfo-D-glucosamine endoglucanase inhibitors
  A heparanase inhibitor
  A HPSE inhibitors
  A Hpa1 heparanase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.166 (heparanase) inhibitor
  A C1A heparanase inhibitor
  A heparanase inhibitors
  A heparanase-1 inhibitor
  A heparanase 1 inhibitors
  A heparanase (EC 3.2.1.166) inhibitors
  A heparanase (EC 3.2.1.166) inhibitor
  A heparan sulfate N-sulfo-D-glucosamine endoglucanase inhibitor
  A heparanase 1 inhibitor
  A Hpa1 heparanase inhibitors
  A Hpa1 inhibitor
  A Hpa1 inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.166 (heparanase) inhibitors
  A C1A heparanase inhibitors
  A heparanase-1 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_67239
  A alpha-1,4-glucosidase inhibitors
  A glucosidosucrase inhibitor
  A glucosidoinvertase inhibitor
  A glucoinvertase inhibitor
  A alpha-D-glucosidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitors
  A glucoinvertase inhibitors
  A alpha-glucopyranosidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.20 inhibitor
  A glucosidoinvertase inhibitors
  A alpha-glucoside hydrolase inhibitor
  A glucosidosucrase inhibitors
  A maltase-glucoamylase inhibitor
  A alpha-glucoside hydrolase inhibitors
  A alpha-glucosidase (EC 3.2.1.20) inhibitors
  A alpha-glucosidase inhibitors
  A alpha-glucosidase (EC 3.2.1.20) inhibitor
  A maltase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.20 inhibitors
  A alpha-1,4-glucosidase inhibitor
  A alpha-glucopyranosidase inhibitor
  A alpha-glucosidase inhibitor
  A maltase inhibitor
  A alpha-D-glucosidase inhibitor
  A maltase-glucoamylase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_132518
  A beta-D-galactanase inhibitors
  A hydrolact inhibitors
  A beta-D-lactosidase inhibitors
  A beta-D-galactanase inhibitor
  A trilactase inhibitor
  A lactozym inhibitor
  A exo-(1->4)-beta-D-galactanase inhibitors
  A sumiklat inhibitor
  A oryzatym inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.23 inhibitor
  A S 2107 inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.23 (beta-galactosidase) inhibitor
  A lactase inhibitor
  A lactozym inhibitors
  A beta-lactosidase inhibitors
  A beta-D-galactoside galactohydrolase inhibitor
  A beta-lactosidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.23 inhibitors
  A maxilact inhibitors
  A hydrolact inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.23 (beta-galactosidase) inhibitors
  A lactase inhibitors
  A sumiklat inhibitors
  A beta-D-galactoside galactohydrolase inhibitors
  A oryzatym inhibitors
  A trilactase inhibitors
  A beta-D-lactosidase inhibitor
  A S 2107 inhibitor
  A maxilact inhibitor
  A exo-(1->4)-beta-D-galactanase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76822
  A beta-glucuronidase (EC 3.2.1.31) inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.31 inhibitors
  A ketodase inhibitor
  A exo-beta-D-glucuronidase inhibitors
  A beta-glucuronidase (EC 3.2.1.31) inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.31 (beta-glucuronidase) inhibitors
  A ketodase inhibitors
  A beta-glucuronide glucuronohydrolase inhibitors
  A exo-beta-D-glucuronidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.31 inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.31 (beta-glucuronidase) inhibitor
  A beta-glucuronidase inhibitors
  A glucuronidase inhibitors
  A beta-glucuronide glucuronohydrolase inhibitor
  A beta-glucuronidase inhibitor
  A glucuronidase inhibitor
  A beta-D-glucuronoside glucuronosohydrolase inhibitors
  A beta-D-glucuronoside glucuronosohydrolase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_67230
  A glucosylsphingosine beta-glucosidase inhibitors
  A acid-beta-glucosidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.45 (glucosylceramidase) inhibitor
  A glucosphingosine glucosylhydrolase inhibitors
  A GlcCer-beta-glucosidase inhibitors
  A acid beta-glucosidase inhibitors
  A GlcCer-beta-glucosidase inhibitor
  A glucosphingosine glucosylhydrolase inhibitor
  A glucosylcerebrosidase inhibitors
  A psychosine hydrolase inhibitors
  A glucosylceramidase (EC 3.2.1.45) inhibitor
  A glucosylcerebrosidase inhibitor
  A acid-beta-glucosidase inhibitors
  A glucosylceramidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.45 inhibitors
  A glucosylsphingosine beta-glucosidase inhibitor
  A D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase inhibitors
  A psychosine hydrolase inhibitor
  A glucosylsphingosine beta-D-glucosidase inhibitors
  A beta-D-glucocerebrosidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.45 inhibitor
  A glucosylceramidase (EC 3.2.1.45) inhibitors
  A glucosylceramidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.45 (glucosylceramidase) inhibitors
  A glucocerebrosidase inhibitors
  A glucocerebrosidase inhibitor
  A beta-glucosylceramidase inhibitors
  A ceramide glucosidase inhibitor
  A ceramide glucosidase inhibitors
  A beta-glucosylceramidase inhibitor
  A beta-D-glucocerebrosidase inhibitor
  A D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase inhibitor
  A acid beta-glucosidase inhibitor
  A glucosylsphingosine beta-D-glucosidase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_67231
  A sucrose alpha-glucosidase (EC 3.2.1.48) inhibitor
  A sucrose alpha-glucosidase inhibitors
  A sucrase-isomaltase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.48 inhibitors
  A sucrose alpha-glucohydrolase inhibitors
  A sucrose alpha-glucohydrolase inhibitor
  A sucrose alpha-glucosidase inhibitor
  A sucrose-alpha-D-glucohydrolase inhibitor
  A sucrase (invertase) inhibitor
  A sucrase-isomaltase inhibitor
  A EC 3.2.1.48 (sucrose alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor
  A sucrose alpha-glucosidase (EC 3.2.1.48) inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.48 inhibitor
  A intestinal sucrase inhibitors
  A EC 3.2.1.48 (sucrose alpha-glucosidase) inhibitors
  A sucrose-alpha-D-glucohydrolase inhibitors
  A sucrase (invertase) inhibitors
  A intestinal sucrase inhibitor
  A sucrase inhibitor
  A sucrase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76787
  A EC 3.4.11.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.11.* (aminopeptidase) inhibitors
  A aminopeptidase (EC 3.4.11.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.11.* (aminopeptidase) inhibitor
  A aminopeptidase (EC 3.4.11.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.11.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_59499
  A EC 3.4.13.* (dipeptidase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.13.* inhibitors
  A dipeptidase inhibitor
  A dipeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.13.* (dipeptidase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.13.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76788
  A EC 3.4.14.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.14.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.14.* (dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidases) inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidases inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidases (EC 3.4.14.*) inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl-peptidases and tripeptidyl-peptidases (EC 3.4.14.*) inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidase (EC 3.4.14.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.14.*(dipeptidyl-peptidases and tripeptidyl-peptidases) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.14.*(dipeptidyl-peptidases and tripeptidyl-peptidases) inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidases (EC 3.4.14.*) inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidase (EC 3.4.14.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.14.* (dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidases) inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidase inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl-peptidases and tripeptidyl-peptidases (EC 3.4.14.*) inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidase inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl- and tripeptidyl-peptidases inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76782
  A peptidyl-dipeptidase (EC 3.4.15.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of peptidyl-dipeptidases (EC 3.4.15.*)
  A inhibitor of peptidyl-dipeptidases
  A EC 3.4.15.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.15.* (peptidyl-dipeptidase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.15.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of peptidyl-dipeptidases (EC 3.4.15.*)
  A inhibitors of peptidyl-dipeptidases
  A peptidyl-dipeptidase inhibitor
  A peptidyl-dipeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.15.* (peptidyl-dipeptidase) inhibitor
  A peptidyl-dipeptidase (EC 3.4.15.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77705
  A EC 3.4.19.* (omega-peptidase) inhibitor
  A omega-peptidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.19.* (omega-peptidase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.19.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.19.* inhibitors
  A omega-peptidase inhibitors
  A omega-peptidase (EC 3.4.19.*) inhibitor
  A omega-peptidase (EC 3.4.19.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_5924
  A EC 3.4.21.* (serine endopeptidase) inhibitor
  A serine endopeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.* inhibitor
  A inhibitor of serine endopeptidase (EC 3.4.21.*)s
  A inhibitor of serine endopeptidase (EC 3.4.21.*)
  A serine endopeptidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.* (serine endopeptidase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76796
  A EC 3.4.22.* inhibitor
  A cysteine endopeptidase (EC 3.4.22.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.* (cysteine endopeptidase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.* (cysteine endopeptidase) inhibitors
  A cysteine endopeptidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.* inhibitors
  A cysteine endopeptidase (EC 3.4.22.*) inhibitor
  A cysteine endopeptidase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76885
  A EC 3.4.23.* (aspartic endopeptidases) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.23.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.23.* (aspartic endopeptidases) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.23.* (aspartic endopeptidase) inhibitors
  A aspartic endopeptidases (EC 3.4.23.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.23.* inhibitors
  A aspartic endopeptidase (EC 3.4.23.*) inhibitor
  A aspartic endopeptidase (EC 3.4.23.*) inhibitors
  A aspartic endopeptidases (EC 3.4.23.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.23.* (aspartic endopeptidase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_59107
  A EC 3.4.24.* (metalloendopeptidase) inhibitors
  A metalloendopeptidase (EC 3.4.24.*) inhibitors
  A metalloendopeptidase inhibitors
  A metalloendopeptidase (EC 3.4.24.*) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of metalloendopeptidases (EC 3.4.24.*)
  A inhibitor of metalloendopeptidases
  A EC 3.4.24.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.* inhibitor
  A inhibitors of metalloendopeptidases (EC 3.4.24.*)
  A EC 3.4.24.* (metalloendopeptidase) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of metalloendopeptidases
obo:CHEBI_50664
  A matrix metalloproteinase inhibitors
  A MMPI
  A matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_37670
  A protease inhibitors
  A protease inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76891
  A soluble alanyl aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A human liver aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A cytosol alanyl aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A puromycin-sensitive aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A cytosol alanyl aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A arylamidase inhibitors
  A cytosol aminopeptidase III inhibitor
  A thiol-activated aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A aminopolypeptidase inhibitors
  A alanine aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.11.14 (cytosol alanyl aminopeptidase) inhibitors
  A soluble alanyl aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A puromycin-sensitive aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.11.14 inhibitors
  A cytosol aminopeptidase III inhibitors
  A human liver aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A cytosol alanyl aminopeptidase (EC 3.4.11.14) inhibitors
  A alanine aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A cytosol alanyl aminopeptidase (EC 3.4.11.14) inhibitor
  A arylamidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.11.14 inhibitor
  A thiol-activated aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A aminopolypeptidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.11.14 (cytosol alanyl aminopeptidase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73360
  A methionyl aminopeptidase (EC 3.4.11.18) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.11.18 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.11.18 (methionyl aminopeptidase) inhibitor
  A methionyl aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A peptidase M inhibitor
  A L-methionine aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.11.18 inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.11.18 (methionyl aminopeptidase) inhibitors
  A methionine aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A L-methionine aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A methionyl aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A MAP inhibitors
  A methionyl aminopeptidase (EC 3.4.11.18) inhibitors
  A methionine aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A MAP inhibitor
  A peptidase M inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_73361
  A methionine aminopeptidase-2 inhibitor
  A methionine aminopeptidase 2 inhibitor
  A MAP2 inhibitors
  A METAP2 inhibitor
  A methionine aminopeptidase 2 inhibitors
  A MetAP2 inhibitors
  A methionine aminopeptidase-2 inhibitors
  A MetAP2 inhibitor
  A MAP2 inhibitor
  A METAP2 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76926
  A microsomal dipeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.13.19 (membrane dipeptidase) inhibitor
  A DPH I inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.13.19 (membrane dipeptidase) inhibitors
  A dipeptide hydrolase inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl hydrolase inhibitors
  A aminodipeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.13.19 inhibitors
  A nonspecific dipeptidase inhibitors
  A dehydropeptidase I inhibitors
  A glycosyl-phosphatidylinositol-anchored renal dipeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.13.19 inhibitor
  A membrane dipeptidase (EC 3.4.13.19) inhibitor
  A membrane dipeptidase (EC 3.4.13.19) inhibitors
  A renal dipeptidase inhibitors
  A membrane dipeptidase inhibitor
  A dehydropeptidase I (DPH I) inhibitors
  A MDP inhibitors
  A dipeptidase inhibitors
  A membrane dipeptidase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76893
  A DAP II inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl peptidase II inhibitor
  A carboxytripeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.14.2 inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl-peptidase II (EC 3.4.14.2) inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl-peptidase II inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl aminopeptidase II inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl peptidase II inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl arylamidase II inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl aminopeptidase II inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.14.2 (dipeptidyl-peptidase II) inhibitor
  A dipeptidylarylamidase inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl-peptidase II (EC 3.4.14.2) inhibitors
  A carboxytripeptidase inhibitor
  A dipeptidylarylamidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.14.2 (dipeptidyl-peptidase II) inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl arylamidase II inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl(amino)peptidase II inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.14.2 inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl-peptidase II inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl(amino)peptidase II inhibitors
  A DAP II inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_68612
  A postproline dipeptidyl aminopeptidase IV inhibitor
  A DPP IV/CD26 inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl-peptidase IV (EC 3.4.14.5) inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl-peptidase IV (EC 3.4.14.5) inhibitors
  A pep X inhibitor
  A X-PDAP inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl-peptidase IV inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitor
  A postproline dipeptidyl aminopeptidase IV inhibitors
  A leukocyte antigen CD26 inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl aminopeptidase IV inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors
  A X-PDAP inhibitors
  A X-prolyl dipeptidyl aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl-aminopeptidase IV inhibitors
  A DPP IV/CD26 inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors
  A Xaa-Pro-dipeptidyl-aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A X-prolyl dipeptidyl aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A leukocyte antigen CD26 inhibitors
  A glycylprolyl aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A lymphocyte antigen CD26 inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl-peptide hydrolase inhibitor
  A T cell triggering molecule Tp103 inhibitor
  A glycylproline aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.14.5 inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl-aminopeptidase IV inhibitor
  A glycylprolyl dipeptidylaminopeptidase inhibitor
  A glycoprotein GP110 inhibitors
  A Gly-Pro naphthylamidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitor
  A T cell triggering molecule Tp103 inhibitors
  A amino acyl-prolyl dipeptidyl aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A DPP-4 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.14.5 inhibitors
  A Gly-Pro naphthylamidase inhibitors
  A DPP-4 inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl aminopeptidase IV inhibitor
  A lymphocyte antigen CD26 inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl-peptidase IV inhibitors
  A amino acyl-prolyl dipeptidyl aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl-peptide hydrolase inhibitors
  A glycylproline aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A glycylprolyl dipeptidylaminopeptidase inhibitors
  A pep X inhibitors
  A glycoprotein GP110 inhibitor
  A Xaa-Pro-dipeptidyl-aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A glycylprolyl aminopeptidase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_35457
  A dipeptide hydrolase inhibitors
  A peptidyl dipeptide hydrolase inhibitors
  A peptidase P inhibitors
  A angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitors
  A PDH inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl carboxypeptidase inhibitors
  A dipeptide hydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.15.1 inhibitor
  A angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors
  A peptidyl-dipeptidase A (EC 3.4.15.1) inhibitors
  A peptidase P inhibitor
  A peptidyl dipeptidase-4 inhibitors
  A peptidyl dipeptidase-4 inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitors
  A DCP inhibitor
  A DCP inhibitors
  A ACE inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl carboxypeptidase inhibitor
  A PDH inhibitors
  A peptidyl-dipeptidase A (EC 3.4.15.1) inhibitor
  A ACE inhibitor
  A dipeptidyl carboxypeptidase I inhibitor
  A peptidyldipeptide hydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.15.1 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor
  A kininase II inhibitors
  A peptidyl dipeptidase I inhibitors
  A peptidyl dipeptidase A inhibitor
  A angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor
  A peptidyl-dipeptidase A inhibitor
  A endothelial cell peptidyl dipeptidase inhibitors
  A peptidyldipeptide hydrolase inhibitor
  A carboxycathepsin inhibitors
  A dipeptidyl carboxypeptidase I inhibitors
  A peptidyl dipeptidase A inhibitors
  A peptidyl dipeptidase I inhibitor
  A kininase II inhibitor
  A peptidyl-dipeptide hydrolase inhibitor
  A dipeptidase inhibitors
  A carboxycathepsin inhibitor
  A endothelial cell peptidyl dipeptidase inhibitor
  A peptidyl dipeptide hydrolase inhibitor
  A peptidyl-dipeptide hydrolase inhibitors
  A dipeptidase inhibitor
  A angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitor
  A peptidyl-dipeptidase A inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77706
  A pyrrolidonyl peptidase inhibitors5-oxoprolyl-peptidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.19.3 (pyroglutamyl-peptidase I) inhibitor
  A pyrrolidonecarboxylyl peptidase inhibitors
  A pyroglutamidase inhibitor
  A pyrrolidone-carboxyl peptidase inhibitor
  A pyroglutamate aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A pyrase inhibitors
  A L-pyrrolidonecarboxylate peptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.19.3 inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.19.3 inhibitors
  A pyroglutamyl-peptidase I inhibitor
  A pyrrolidonecarboxylyl peptidase inhibitor
  A L-pyroglutamyl peptide hydrolase inhibitor
  A pyrrolidone-carboxyl peptidase inhibitors
  A pyroglutamyl aminopeptidase inhibitors
  A pyroglutamyl-peptidase I (EC 3.4.19.3) inhibitors
  A L-pyroglutamyl peptide hydrolase inhibitors
  A pyroglutamyl-peptidase I (EC 3.4.19.3) inhibitor
  A pyroglutamyl aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A pyroglutamate aminopeptidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.19.3 (pyroglutamyl-peptidase I) inhibitors
  A pyrase inhibitor
  A pyrrolidonyl peptidase inhibitor
  A pyroglutamidase inhibitors
  A 5-oxoprolyl-peptidase inhibitors
  A pyroglutamyl-peptidase I inhibitors
  A L-pyrrolidonecarboxylate peptidase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64943
  A chymotrypsin inhibitors
  A alpha-chymotrypsin inhibitors
  A alpha-chymar ophth inhibitors
  A chymotrypsin (EC 3.4.21.1) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.1 (chymotrypsin) inhibitors
  A chymotrypsins A and B inhibitor
  A avazyme inhibitor
  A chymar inhibitors
  A chymotrypsins B inhibitors
  A chymotrypsin inhibitor
  A chymotrypsins B inhibitor
  A alpha-chymar inhibitors
  A chymotest inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.1 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.1 (chymotrypsin) inhibitor
  A alpha-chymotrypsin inhibitor
  A chymotrypsins A inhibitor
  A chymotrypsins A inhibitors
  A quimotrase inhibitor
  A enzeon inhibitor
  A chymotrypsin (EC 3.4.21.1) inhibitors
  A alpha-chymar ophth inhibitor
  A chymotrypsins A and B inhibitors
  A quimotrase inhibitors
  A quimar inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.1 inhibitor
  A chymotest inhibitors
  A avazyme inhibitors
  A chymar inhibitor
  A quimar inhibitor
  A enzeon inhibitors
  A alpha-chymar inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76779
  A post-proline endopeptidase inhibitor
  A prolyl oligopeptidase (EC 3.4.21.26) inhibitors
  A prolyl oligopeptidase (EC 3.4.21.26) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.26 inhibitors
  A prolyl endopeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitors
  A post-proline cleaving enzyme inhibitors
  A prolyl oligopeptidase inhibitor
  A endoprolylpeptidase inhibitor
  A endoprolylpeptidase inhibitors
  A post-proline cleaving enzyme inhibitor
  A proline endopeptidase inhibitors
  A prolyl endopeptidase inhibitor
  A proline-specific endopeptidase inhibitor
  A proline endopeptidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor
  A post-proline endopeptidase inhibitors
  A proline-specific endopeptidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.26 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64922
  A lysosomal elastase inhibitor
  A neutrophil elastase inhibitors
  A elaszym inhibitor
  A serine elastase inhibitors
  A neutrophil elastase inhibitor
  A granulocyte elastase inhibitor
  A polymorphonuclear leukocyte elastase inhibitor
  A leukocyte elastase (EC 3.4.21.37) inhibitors
  A elastase inhibitors
  A polymorphonuclear leukocyte elastase inhibitors
  A lysosomal elastase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.37 (leukocyte elastase) inhibitor
  A leukocyte elastase (EC 3.4.21.37) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.37 inhibitors
  A elaszym inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.37 (leukocyte elastase) inhibitors
  A granulocyte elastase inhibitors
  A serine elastase inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.37 inhibitor
  A leukocyte elastase inhibitor
  A elastase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76940
  A cocoonase inhibitors
  A pseudotrypsin inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.4 (trypsin) inhibitor
  A pseudotrypsin inhibitors
  A trypsin (EC 3.4.21.4) inhibitors
  A tripcellim inhibitor
  A tryptase inhibitor
  A alpha-trypsin inhibitor
  A parenzyme inhibitors
  A beta-trypsin inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.4 (trypsin) inhibitors
  A alpha-trypsin inhibitors
  A beta-trypsin inhibitors
  A tryptar inhibitors
  A cocoonase inhibitor
  A trypsin inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.4 inhibitor
  A tripcellim inhibitors
  A sperm receptor hydrolase inhibitor
  A parenzyme inhibitor
  A tryptase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.4 inhibitors
  A trypure inhibitors
  A sperm receptor hydrolase inhibitors
  A parenzymol inhibitor
  A tryptar inhibitor
  A trypsin inhibitor
  A parenzymol inhibitors
  A trypsin (EC 3.4.21.4) inhibitor
  A trypure inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_65232
  A gamma-thrombin inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.5 inhibitors
  A fibrinogenase inhibitors
  A factor IIa inhibitors
  A thrombin-C inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.5 inhibitor
  A gamma-thrombin inhibitor
  A thrombin (EC 3.4.21.5) inhibitors
  A beta-thrombin inhibitor
  A tropostasin inhibitors
  A activated blood-coagulation factor II inhibitor
  A thrombase inhibitors
  A factor IIa inhibitor
  A beta-thrombin inhibitors
  A thrombase inhibitor
  A tropostasin inhibitor
  A blood-coagulation factor IIa inhibitor
  A thrombofort inhibitor
  A activated blood-coagulation factor II inhibitors
  A thrombin-C inhibitors
  A thrombin inhibitor
  A thrombin inhibitors
  A fibrinogenase inhibitor
  A blood-coagulation factor IIa inhibitors
  A E thrombin inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor
  A thrombofort inhibitors
  A thrombin (EC 3.4.21.5) inhibitor
  A E thrombin inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_68581
  A thromboplastin inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.6 inhibitors
  A activated blood-coagulation factor X inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitors
  A activated blood-coagulation factor X inhibitor
  A plasma thromboplastin inhibitor
  A activated Stuart-Prower factor inhibitor
  A prothrombinase inhibitors
  A activated factor X inhibitor
  A Stuart factor inhibitors
  A Stuart factor inhibitor
  A thromboplastin inhibitors
  A coagulation factor Xa inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.6 inhibitor
  A activated Stuart-Prower factor inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor
  A prothrombase inhibitor
  A prothrombinase inhibitor
  A autoprothrombin C inhibitor
  A factor Xa inhibitors
  A activated factor X inhibitors
  A thrombokinase inhibitor
  A autoprothrombin C inhibitors
  A coagulation factor Xa (EC 3.4.21.6) inhibitor
  A thrombokinase inhibitors
  A plasma thromboplastin inhibitors
  A coagulation factor Xa inhibitor
  A prothrombase inhibitors
  A factor Xa inhibitor
  A coagulation factor Xa (EC 3.4.21.6) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_84297
  A Tritirachium album proteinase K inhibitor
  A proteinase K inhibitor
  A Tritirachium album serine proteinase inhibitors
  A proteinase K inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.64 inhibitor
  A endopeptidase K inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.64 (peptidase K) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.64 inhibitors
  A peptidase K inhibitor
  A Tritirachium album serine proteinase inhibitor
  A peptidase K inhibitors
  A Tritirachium album proteinase K inhibitors
  A endopeptidase K inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.64 (peptidase K) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_86966
  A Clp protease inhibitors
  A Clp protease inhibitor
  A protease Ti inhibitor
  A caseinolytic protease inhibitors
  A ATP-dependent Clp protease inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.92 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.92 inhibitor
  A ClpP inhibitor
  A endopeptidase Ti inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.92 (endopeptidase Clp) inhibitor
  A ClpP inhibitors
  A caseinolytic protease inhibitor
  A endopeptidase Ti inhibitors
  A protease Ti inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.92 (endopeptidase Clp) inhibitors
  A ATP-dependent Clp protease inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_48353
  A serine proteinase inhibitors
  A serine proteinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_70821
  A EC 3.4.22.15 inhibitor
  A Aldrichina grahami cysteine proteinase inhibitor
  A cathepsin L inhibitor
  A cathepsin L1 inhibitor
  A cathepsin L (EC 3.4.22.15) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.15 inhibitors
  A cathepsin L1 inhibitors
  A cathepsin L inhibitors
  A cathepsin L (EC 3.4.22.15) inhibitors
  A Aldrichina grahami cysteine proteinase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_70822
  A papaya peptidase I inhibitor
  A papain (EC 3.4.22.2) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.2 (papain) inhibitor
  A summetrin inhibitor
  A papaya peptidase I inhibitors
  A velardon inhibitor
  A velardon inhibitors
  A papaine inhibitors
  A papain (EC 3.4.22.2) inhibitors
  A papayotin inhibitor
  A papain inhibitors
  A papayotin inhibitors
  A papaine inhibitor
  A papain inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.2 inhibitor
  A summetrin inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.2 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76795
  A caspase-1 inhibitor
  A interleukin-1beta precursor proteinase inhibitors
  A interleukin-1beta precursor proteinase inhibitor
  A interleukin 1beta precursor proteinase inhibitors
  A interleukin 1 converting enzyme inhibitor
  A interleukin 1beta-converting enzyme inhibitors
  A prointerleukin 1beta protease inhibitor
  A prointerleukin 1beta protease inhibitors
  A protease A inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.36 (caspase-1) inhibitors
  A precursor interleukin-1beta converting enzyme inhibitors
  A interleukin-1beta converting enzyme inhibitor
  A caspase-1 (EC 3.4.22.36) inhibitors
  A interleukin-1beta convertase inhibitors
  A interleukin 1beta precursor proteinase inhibitor
  A interleukin 1beta-converting endopeptidase inhibitors
  A protease A inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.36 inhibitors
  A interleukin 1beta converting enzyme inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.36 inhibitor
  A interleukin 1beta converting enzyme inhibitor
  A interleukin 1beta-converting endopeptidase inhibitor
  A pro-interleukin 1beta proteinase inhibitor
  A precursor interleukin-1beta converting enzyme inhibitor
  A caspase-1 (EC 3.4.22.36) inhibitor
  A pro-interleukin 1beta proteinase inhibitors
  A ICE inhibitor
  A ICE inhibitors
  A interleukin 1 converting enzyme inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.36 (caspase-1) inhibitor
  A interleukin-1 beta convertase precursor inhibitors
  A interleukin 1beta-converting enzyme inhibitor
  A interleukin-1beta converting enzyme inhibitors
  A protease VII inhibitors
  A caspase-1 inhibitors
  A interleukin-1 beta convertase precursor inhibitor
  A interleukin-1beta convertase inhibitor
  A protease VII inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_138014
  A EC 3.4.22.56 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.56 (caspase-3) inhibitor
  A yama protein inhibitor
  A caspase-3 inhibitors
  A CASP-3 inhibitor
  A CPP32 inhibitors
  A apopain inhibitors
  A caspase-3 inhibitor
  A CPP32 inhibitor
  A apopain inhibitor
  A yama protein inhibitors
  A caspase-3 (EC 3.4.22.56) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.56 inhibitor
  A CASP-3 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.56 (caspase-3) inhibitors
  A caspase-3 (EC 3.4.22.56) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_74925
  A memapsin 2 inhibitors
  A memapsin 2 inhibitor
  A memapsin 2 (EC 3.4.23.46) inhibitors
  A membrane-associated aspartic protease 2 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitors
  A beta-secretase inhibitor
  A BACE1 inhibitor
  A gamma-secretase inhibitors
  A beta-site Alzheimer's amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme 1 (BACE1) inhibitors
  A beta-site Alzheimer's amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme 1 (BACE1) inhibitor
  A Gamma-secretase inhibitor
  A beta-site Alzheimer's amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme 1 inhibitor
  A beta-site APP-cleaving enzyme 1 inhibitor
  A Gamma-secretase inhibitors
  A beta-secretase inhibitors
  A BACE1 inhibitors
  A beta-site Alzheimer's amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme 1 inhibitors
  A beta-site APP-cleaving enzyme 1 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor
  A gamma-secretase inhibitor
  A memapsin 2 (EC 3.4.23.46) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.23.46 inhibitors
  A membrane-associated aspartic protease 2 inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.23.46 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_82973
  A CALLA glycoproteins inhibitor
  A common acute lymphoblastic leukemia-associated antigens inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.11 inhibitor
  A kidney-brush-border neutral endopeptidase inhibitors
  A CALLA inhibitor
  A neutral endopeptidase 24.11 inhibitors
  A NEP inhibitors
  A endopeptidase 24.11 inhibitors
  A enkephalinase inhibitor
  A acute lymphoblastic leukemia antigen inhibitors
  A CALLA glycoproteins inhibitors
  A common acute lymphoblastic leukemia-associated antigens inhibitors
  A neprilysin (EC 3.4.24.11) inhibitor
  A endopeptidase-2 inhibitor
  A neprilysin inhibitors
  A membrane metalloendopeptidase inhibitor
  A CALLA (common acute lymphoblastic leukemia-associated) antigens inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.11 (neprilysin) inhibitors
  A CD10 inhibitor
  A neutral metallendopeptidase inhibitors
  A neutral endopeptidase inhibitor
  A CALLA glycoprotein inhibitor
  A CALLA glycoprotein inhibitors
  A neprilysin inhibitor
  A CALLA antigen inhibitor
  A enkephalinase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.11 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.11 (neprilysin) inhibitor
  A common acute lymphoblastic leukemia antigen inhibitor
  A CALLA antigen inhibitors
  A endopeptidase inhibitors
  A neprilysin (EC 3.4.24.11) inhibitors
  A acute lymphoblastic leukemia antigen inhibitor
  A CD10 inhibitors
  A CALLA inhibitors
  A membrane metalloendopeptidase inhibitors
  A neutral endopeptidase 24.11 inhibitor
  A kidney-brush-border neutral proteinase inhibitors
  A endopeptidase 24.11 inhibitor
  A CALLA (common acute lymphoblastic leukemia-associated) antigens inhibitors
  A neutral endopeptidase inhibitors
  A NEP inhibitor
  A neutral metallendopeptidase inhibitor
  A kidney-brush-border neutral peptidase inhibitor
  A endopeptidase inhibitor
  A endopeptidase-2 inhibitors
  A kidney-brush-border neutral peptidase inhibitors
  A kidney-brush-border neutral proteinase inhibitor
  A common acute lymphoblastic leukemia antigen inhibitors
  A kidney-brush-border neutral endopeptidase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77745
  A EC 3.4.24.18 inhibitors
  A endopeptidase-2 inhibitors
  A meprin inhibitor
  A meprin-a inhibitor
  A meprin-a inhibitors
  A meprin A (EC 3.4.24.18) inhibitors
  A PPH inhibitors
  A meprin A (EC 3.4.24.18) inhibitor
  A PPH inhibitor
  A meprin inhibitors
  A endopeptidase-2 inhibitor
  A meprin A inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.18 (meprin A) inhibitors
  A PABA-peptide hydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.18 inhibitor
  A N-benzoyl-L-tyrosyl-p-aminobenzoic acid hydrolase inhibitor
  A N-benzoyl-L-tyrosyl-p-aminobenzoic acid hydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.18 (meprin A) inhibitor
  A PABA-peptide hydrolase inhibitor
  A meprin A inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_84036
  A type IV collagen metalloproteinase inhibitors
  A collagenase type IV inhibitors
  A 72 kDa gelatinase type A inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.24 (gelatinase A) inhibitor
  A collagenase IV inhibitor
  A matrix metalloproteinase 2 inhibitors
  A 72 kDa gelatinase inhibitor
  A MMP 2 inhibitors
  A collagenase type IV inhibitor
  A MMP 2 inhibitor
  A type IV collagenase/gelatinase inhibitor
  A type IV collagenase/gelatinase inhibitors
  A type IV collagenase inhibitor
  A type IV collagenase inhibitors
  A type IV collagen metalloproteinase inhibitor
  A 72 kDa gelatinase inhibitors
  A 72 kDa gelatinase type A inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.35 inhibitors
  A collagenase IV inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.35 inhibitor
  A matrix metalloproteinase 2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_67189
  A soycollagestin inhibitors
  A matrix metalloproteinase-1 inhibitors
  A collagenase I inhibitor
  A metallocollagenase inhibitors
  A aspergillopeptidase C inhibitors
  A collagenase MMP-1 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.3 inhibitors
  A MMP-8 inhibitor
  A nucleolysin inhibitors
  A matrix metalloproteinase-18 inhibitor
  A Clostridium histolyticum proteinase A inhibitor
  A collagenase MMP-1 inhibitor
  A collagen peptidase inhibitor
  A collagenase inhibitor
  A MMP-1 inhibitor
  A matrix metalloproteinase-18 inhibitors
  A clostridiopeptidase II inhibitor
  A collagen peptidase inhibitors
  A metalloproteinase-1 inhibitors
  A metallocollagenase inhibitor
  A azocollase inhibitor
  A collagen protease inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.3 (microbial collagenase) inhibitor
  A microbial collagenase inhibitors
  A clostridiopeptidase A inhibitors
  A kollaza inhibitor
  A Clostridium histolyticum proteinase A inhibitors
  A collagenase I inhibitors
  A aspergillopeptidase C inhibitor
  A clostridiopeptidase I inhibitors
  A metalloproteinase-1 inhibitor
  A kollaza inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.3 (microbial collagenase) inhibitors
  A Clostridium histolyticum collagenase inhibitor
  A collagenase A inhibitor
  A matrix metalloproteinase-8 inhibitors
  A Clostridium histolyticum collagenase inhibitors
  A MMP-8 inhibitors
  A interstitial collagenase inhibitors
  A microbial collagenase (EC 3.4.24.3) inhibitors
  A Achromobacter iophagus collagenase inhibitor
  A collagenase inhibitors
  A clostridiopeptidase I inhibitor
  A azocollase inhibitors
  A collagen protease inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.3 inhibitor
  A soycollagestin inhibitor
  A clostridiopeptidase II inhibitors
  A microbial collagenase (EC 3.4.24.3) inhibitor
  A interstitial collagenase inhibitor
  A matrix metalloproteinase-1 inhibitor
  A MMP-1 inhibitors
  A microbial collagenase inhibitor
  A collagenase A inhibitors
  A Achromobacter iophagus collagenase inhibitors
  A clostridiopeptidase A inhibitor
  A nucleolysin inhibitor
  A matrix metalloproteinase-8 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_79088
  A collagenase type IV inhibitor
  A 92-kDa gelatinase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitors
  A collagenase IV inhibitors
  A macrophage gelatinase inhibitors
  A matrix metalloproteinase 9 inhibitor
  A collagenase type IV inhibitors
  A gelatinase MMP 9 inhibitors
  A gelatinase B inhibitors
  A 92-kDa type IV collagenase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.35 inhibitors
  A MMP 9 inhibitor
  A 92-kDa gelatinase inhibitor
  A collagenase IV inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.35 inhibitor
  A type IV collagen metalloproteinase inhibitor
  A gelatinase B inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor
  A gelatinase B (EC 3.4.24.35) inhibitors
  A 95 kDa type IV collagenase/gelatinase inhibitors
  A 92-kDa type IV collagenase inhibitor
  A macrophage gelatinase inhibitor
  A matrix metalloproteinase 9 inhibitors
  A type V collagenase inhibitor
  A MMP 9 inhibitors
  A type V collagenase inhibitors
  A gelatinase MMP 9 inhibitor
  A type IV collagen metalloproteinase inhibitors
  A gelatinase B (EC 3.4.24.35) inhibitor
  A 95 kDa type IV collagenase/gelatinase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_82974
  A endothelin-converting enzyme inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.71 (endothelin-converting enzyme 1) inhibitor
  A ECE-1 inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.71 inhibitors
  A ECE-1 inhibitors
  A endothelin-converting enzyme 1 (EC 3.4.24.71) inhibitors
  A endothelin-converting enzyme inhibitors
  A endothelin-converting enzyme 1 (EC 3.4.24.71) inhibitor
  A endothelin-converting enzyme 1 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.71 (endothelin-converting enzyme 1) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.71 inhibitor
  A endothelin-converting enzyme 1 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77255
  A anthrax lethal factor endopeptidase (EC 3.4.24.83) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.83 (anthrax lethal factor endopeptidase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.24.83 (anthrax lethal factor endopeptidase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.83 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.24.83 inhibitor
  A lethal toxin inhibitors
  A lethal toxin inhibitor
  A anthrax lethal factor endopeptidase (EC 3.4.24.83) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64152
  A cysteine proteinase inhibitors
  A cysteine proteinase inhibitor
  A cysteine protease inhibitors
  A cysteine protease inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64957
  A EC 3.4.21.39 inhibitors
  A mast cell protease I inhibitors
  A SK protease inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.39 inhibitor
  A mast cell protease I inhibitor
  A skeletal muscle (SK) protease inhibitors
  A chymase inhibitor
  A skeletal muscle protease inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.21.39 (chymase) inhibitors
  A skin chymotryptic proteinase inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.21.39 (chymase) inhibitor
  A skin chymotryptic proteinase inhibitor
  A chymase (EC 3.4.21.39) inhibitors
  A SK protease inhibitor
  A chymase (EC 3.4.21.39) inhibitor
  A skeletal muscle (SK) protease inhibitor
  A skeletal muscle protease inhibitors
  A chymase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_64924
  A hepatitis C protease inhibitors
  A hepatitis C protease inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64926
  A serine proteinase inhibitors
  A serine proteinase inhibitor
  A serine protease inhibitors
  A serine protease inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_82824
  A calpain inhibitors
  A calpain inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64932
  A cathepsin B inhibitors
  A cathepsin II inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.1 inhibitors
  A cathepsin B1 inhibitors
  A cathepsin B inhibitor
  A cathepsin II inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.1 inhibitor
  A cathepsin B1 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64406
  A cathepsin K inhibitors
  A cathepsin X inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.38 inhibitors
  A cathepsin K (EC 3.4.22.38) inhibitors
  A cathepsin O2 inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.38 (cathepsin K) inhibitors
  A cathepsin O2 inhibitors
  A cathepsin O inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.38 inhibitor
  A cathepsin O inhibitor
  A cathepsin K inhibitor
  A cathepsin X inhibitors
  A cathepsin K (EC 3.4.22.38) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.38 (cathepsin K) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_79050
  A calpain-1 (EC 3.4.22.52) inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.52 inhibitor
  A calpain-1 inhibitors
  A mu-calpain inhibitor
  A calpain-1 (EC 3.4.22.52) inhibitors
  A mu-calpain inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.52 (calpain-1) inhibitor
  A calcium-activated neutral protease I inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.52 inhibitors
  A calpain-1 inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.52 (calpain-1) inhibitors
  A calcium-activated neutral protease I inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_82821
  A EC 3.4.22.53 inhibitor
  A calcium-activated neutral protease II inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.53 (calpain-2) inhibitor
  A calpain-2 (EC 3.4.22.53) inhibitors
  A milli-calpain inhibitors
  A m-calpain inhibitors
  A calcium-activated neutral protease II inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.53 (calpain-2) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.53 inhibitors
  A milli-calpain inhibitor
  A calpain-2 (EC 3.4.22.53) inhibitor
  A m-calpain inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_82823
  A muscle calpain inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.54 (calpain-3) inhibitor
  A CAPN3 inhibitors
  A muscle calpain inhibitors
  A CAPN3 inhibitor
  A p94 inhibitor
  A calcium-activated neutral proteinase 3 inhibitors
  A calpain-3 (EC 3.4.22.54) inhibitor
  A calpain L3 inhibitors
  A p94 inhibitors
  A calpain p94 inhibitor
  A muscle-specific calcium-activated neutral protease 3 inhibitors
  A CANP 3 inhibitor
  A calpain L3 inhibitor
  A CANP 3 inhibitors
  A calpain p94 inhibitors
  A calpain 3 inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.54 (calpain-3) inhibitors
  A calpain 3 inhibitor
  A EC 3.4.22.54 inhibitors
  A calcium-activated neutral proteinase 3 inhibitor
  A calpain-3 (EC 3.4.22.54) inhibitors
  A EC 3.4.22.54 inhibitor
  A muscle-specific calcium-activated neutral protease 3 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76807
  A non-peptide linear amide C-N hydrolase (EC 3.5.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.* (non-peptide linear amide C-N hydrolase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.* (non-peptide linear amide C-N hydrolase) inhibitors
  A non-peptide linear amide C-N hydrolase (EC 3.5.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76808
  A EC 3.5.2.* (non-peptide cyclic amide C-N hydrolase) inhibitor
  A non-peptide cyclic amide C-N hydrolase inhibitor
  A non-peptide cyclic amide C-N hydrolase (EC 3.5.2.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.2.* inhibitors
  A non-peptide cyclic amide C-N hydrolase (EC 3.5.2.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.2.* (non-peptide cyclic amide C-N hydrolase) inhibitors
  A non-peptide cyclic amide C-N hydrolase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76809
  A non-peptide cyclic amidine C-N hydrolase inhibitors
  A non-peptide cyclic amidine C-N hydrolase inhibitor
  A non-peptide cyclic amidine C-N hydrolase (EC 3.5.4.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.4.* (non-peptide cyclic amidine C-N hydrolase) inhibitors
  A non-peptide cyclic amidine C-N hydrolase (EC 3.5.4.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.4.* (non-peptide cyclic amidine C-N hydrolase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77117
  A inhibitor of hydrolases acting on C-N bonds in nitriles
  A EC 3.5.5.* (hydrolase acting on C-N bonds in nitriles) inhibitor
  A hydrolase acting on C-N bonds in nitriles (EC 3.5.5.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.5.* inhibitor
  A inhibitors of hydrolases acting on C-N bonds in nitriles
  A EC 3.5.5.* (hydrolase acting on C-N bonds in nitriles) inhibitors
  A hydrolase acting on C-N bonds in nitriles (EC 3.5.5.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.5.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_134109
  A UDP-3-O-[3-hydroxymyristoyl] N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitors
  A UDP-3-O-acyl-GlcNAc deacetylase inhibitors
  A UDP-3-O-[(3R)-3-hydroxymyristoyl]-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A UDP-(3-O-acyl)-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitors
  A UDP-(3-O-acyl)-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.108 (UDP-3-O-acyl-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase) inhibitors
  A UDP-(3-O-(R-3-hydroxymyristoyl))-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitor
  A LpxC enzyme inhibitor
  A UDP-3-O-(R-3-hydroxymyristoyl)-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitors
  A UDP-3-O-((R)-3-hydroxymyristoyl)-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.108 (UDP-3-O-acyl-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase) inhibitor
  A UDP-3-O-[(3R)-3-hydroxymyristoyl]-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.108 inhibitor
  A LpxC deacetylase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.108 inhibitors
  A LpxC inhibitors
  A deacetylase LpxC inhibitors
  A LpxC deacetylase inhibitors
  A LpxC inhibitor
  A UDP-3-O-[3-hydroxymyristoyl] N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitor
  A UDP-3-O-((R)-3-hydroxymyristoyl)-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitors
  A deacetylase LpxC inhibitor
  A UDP-3-O-(R-3-hydroxymyristoyl)-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitor
  A UDP-(3-O-(R-3-hydroxymyristoyl))-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase inhibitors
  A UDP-3-O-acyl-GlcNAc deacetylase inhibitor
  A UDP-3-O-[(3R)-3-hydroxymyristoyl]-N-acetylglucosamine amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A LpxC enzyme inhibitors
  A UDP-3-O-[(3R)-3-hydroxymyristoyl]-N-acetylglucosamine amidohydrolase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_84264
  A nicotinamide deaminase inhibitors
  A nicotinamidase inhibitors
  A nicotinamidase (EC 3.5.1.19) inhibitors
  A YNDase inhibitors
  A nicotinamidase (EC 3.5.1.19) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.19 inhibitors
  A nicotinamide amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A nicotinamide amidase inhibitor
  A nicotinamide amidase inhibitors
  A nicotinamide amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A nicotinamidase inhibitor
  A YNDase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.19 inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.19 (nicotinamidase) inhibitors
  A nicotinamide deaminase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.19 (nicotinamidase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_60280
  A glutaminase I inhibitor
  A glutaminase inhibitors
  A L-glutamine amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.2 inhibitors
  A glutaminase I inhibitors
  A glutamine aminohydrolase inhibitor
  A L-glutaminase inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.2 (glutaminase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.2 inhibitor
  A glutaminase inhibitor
  A L-glutamine amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A glutaminase (EC 3.5.1.2) inhibitor
  A L-glutaminase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.2 (glutaminase) inhibitors
  A glutaminase (EC 3.5.1.2) inhibitors
  A glutamine aminohydrolase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_71551
  A glycosphingolipid ceramide deacylase inhibitor
  A ceramidase (EC 3.5.1.23) inhibitor
  A acid ceramidase inhibitor
  A ceramidase (EC 3.5.1.23) inhibitors
  A N-acylsphingosine amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A acid ceramidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.23 (ceramidase) inhibitor
  A AC inhibitors
  A glycosphingolipid ceramide deacylase inhibitors
  A ceramidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.23 inhibitors
  A N-acylsphingosine amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.23 inhibitor
  A AC inhibitor
  A acylsphingosine deacylase inhibitor
  A acylsphingosine deacylase inhibitors
  A ceramidase inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.23 (ceramidase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77941
  A deaminase inhibitor
  A acylamide amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A fatty acylamidase inhibitor
  A amidase (EC 3.5.1.4) inhibitor
  A fatty acylamidase inhibitors
  A amidase (EC 3.5.1.4) inhibitors
  A amidase inhibitors
  A amidase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.4 inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.4 inhibitors
  A acylamidase inhibitors
  A amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A N-acetylaminohydrolase inhibitor
  A amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A acylamide amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A deaminase inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitors
  A acylamidase inhibitor
  A N-acetylaminohydrolase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50635
  A EC 3.5.1.5 inhibitor
  A urease (EC 3.5.1.5) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.5 (urease) inhibitors
  A urea amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A urea amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.5 (urease) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.5 inhibitors
  A urease inhibitor
  A urease (EC 3.5.1.5) inhibitor
  A urease inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_71951
  A peptide deformylase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.88 (peptide deformylase) inhibitors
  A peptide deformylase inhibitors
  A formyl-L-methionyl peptide amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.88 inhibitor
  A formyl-L-methionyl peptide amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A peptide deformylase (EC 3.5.1.88) inhibitors
  A PDF inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.88 (peptide deformylase) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.88 inhibitors
  A peptide deformylase (EC 3.5.1.88) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_61115
  A HDAC inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor
  A histone amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A HDIs
  A EC 3.5.1.98 inhibitors
  A histone deacetylase (EC 3.5.1.98) inhibitors
  A histone deacetylase (EC 3.5.1.98) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitors
  A HDI
  A EC 3.5.1.98 inhibitor
  A HDAC inhibitor
  A histone deacetylase inhibitor
  A histone amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A histone deacetylase inhibitors
  A HDACi
  A HDACis
obo:CHEBI_64033
  A EC 3.5.1.99 inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.1.99 (fatty acid amide hydrolase) inhibitor
  A oleamide hydrolase inhibitors
  A fatty acid amide hydrolase (EC 3.5.1.99) inhibitors
  A FAAH inhibitors
  A fatty acid amide hydrolase (EC 3.5.1.99) inhibitor
  A oleamide hydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.99 (fatty acid amide hydrolase) inhibitors
  A anandamide amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A arachidonoylethanolamide amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A anandamide amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A fatty acid amide hydrolase inhibitor
  A fatty acylamide amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.1.99 inhibitor
  A fatty acylamide amidohydrolase inhibitors
  A FAAH inhibitor
  A arachidonoylethanolamide amidohydrolase inhibitor
  A fatty acid amide hydrolase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_90375
  A Sir1 inhibitors
  A SIRT1 inhibitor
  A Sir1 inhibitor
  A sirtuin 1 inhibitor
  A SIRT1 inhibitors
  A sirtuin 1 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_71181
  A Sir2 inhibitors
  A Sir2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_35625
  A penicillin amido-beta-lactamhydrolase inhibitors
  A beta-lactam hydrolase inhibitor
  A exopenicillinase inhibitors
  A penicillin amido-beta-lactamhydrolase inhibitor
  A beta-lactamase (EC 3.5.2.6) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.2.6 inhibitors
  A beta-lactamase AME I inhibitor
  A cephalosporin-beta-lactamase inhibitors
  A ampicillinase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.2.6 inhibitor
  A cephalosporinase inhibitor
  A penicillinase I, II inhibitors
  A penicillin beta-lactamase inhibitors
  A cephalosporin-beta-lactamase inhibitor
  A beta-lactamase I-III inhibitors
  A beta-lactam hydrolase inhibitors
  A beta-lactamase inhibitor
  A beta-lactamase A, B, C inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitors
  A penicillin beta-lactamase inhibitor
  A beta-lactamase (EC 3.5.2.6) inhibitor
  A beta-lactamase inhibitors
  A exopenicillinase inhibitor
  A penicillinase inhibitors
  A neutrapen inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor
  A penicillinase inhibitor
  A penicillinase I, II inhibitor
  A neutrapen inhibitors
  A beta-lactamase I-III inhibitor
  A beta-lactamase AME I inhibitors
  A ampicillinase inhibitors
  A cephalosporinase inhibitors
  A beta-lactamase A, B, C inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_78380
  A EC 3.5.4.1 (cytosine deaminase) inhibitor
  A cytosine aminohydrolase inhibitors
  A cytosine aminohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.4.1 (cytosine deaminase) inhibitors
  A cytosine deaminase inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.4.1 inhibitor
  A cytosine deaminase inhibitor
  A isocytosine deaminase inhibitor
  A cytosine deaminase (EC 3.5.4.1) inhibitor
  A cytosine deaminase (EC 3.5.4.1) inhibitors
  A EC 3.5.4.1 inhibitors
  A isocytosine deaminase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_50445
  A adenosine aminohydrolase inhibitors
  A deoxyadenosine deaminase inhibitor
  A adenosine deaminase inhibitors
  A adenosine aminohydrolase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.4.4 inhibitors
  A ADA inhibitor
  A adenosine deaminase (EC 3.5.4.4) inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.4.4 (adenosine deaminase) inhibitors
  A adenosine deaminase (EC 3.5.4.4) inhibitors
  A adenosine deaminase inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.4.4 inhibitor
  A EC 3.5.4.4 (adenosine deaminase) inhibitor
  A deoxyadenosine deaminase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77118
  A benzonitrilase inhhibitor
  A EC 3.5.5.1 (nitrilase) inhhibitors
  A acetonitrilase inhhibitor
  A nitrile aminohydrolase inhhibitor
  A EC 3.5.5.1 inhhibitor
  A nitrilase (EC 3.5.5.1) inhhibitor
  A EC 3.5.5.1 inhhibitoras
  A nitrile aminohydrolase inhhibitors
  A nitrilase (EC 3.5.5.1) inhhibitorS
  A benzonitrilase inhhibitors
  A EC 3.5.5.1 (nitrilase) inhhibitor
  A acetonitrilase inhhibitors
obo:CHEBI_78927
  A EC 3.6.1.* inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides in phosphorus-containing anhydrides (EC 3.6.1.*) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides in phosphorus-containing anhydrides (EC 3.6.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.1.* (hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides in P-containing anhydrides) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.1.* (hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides in phosphorus-containing anhydrides) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.1.* (hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides in P-containing anhydrides) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides in P-containing anhydrides (EC 3.6.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.1.* inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides in P-containing anhydrides (EC 3.6.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.1.* (hydrolases acting on acid anhydrides in phosphorus-containing anhydrides) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76895
  A EC 3.6.3.* (acid anhydride hydrolase catalysing transmembrane movement of substances) inhibitor
  A acid anhydride hydrolase catalysing transmembrane movement of substances (EC 3.6.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.* (acid anhydride hydrolase catalysing transmembrane movement of substances) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.* inhibitors
  A acid anhydride hydrolase catalysing transmembrane movement of substances (EC 3.6.3.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76938
  A EC 3.6.4.* inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.4.* (hydrolase acting on ATP; involved in cellular and subcellular movement) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.4.* (hydrolases acting on ATP; involved in cellular and subcellular movement) inhibitor
  A hydrolases acting on ATP; involved in cellular and subcellular movement (EC 3.6.4.*) inhibitors
  A hydrolases acting on ATP; involved in cellular and subcellular movement (EC 3.6.4.*) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.4.* (hydrolase acting on ATP; involved in cellular and subcellular movement) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.4.* inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.4.* (hydrolases acting on ATP; involved in cellular and subcellular movement) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_132771
  A EC 3.6.5.* (hydrolases acting on GTP; involved in cellular and subcellular movement) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.5.* (hydrolases acting on GTP; involved in cellular and subcellular movement) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78928
  A (Ca(2+) + Mg(2+))-ATPase inhibitors
  A adenosinetriphosphatase inhibitor
  A adenosinetriphosphatase (EC 3.6.1.3) inhibitors
  A ATP hydrolase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.1.3 inhibitor
  A SV40 T-antigen inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.1.3 (adenosinetriphosphatase) inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase inhibitors
  A HCO3(-)-ATPase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.1.3 (adenosinetriphosphatase) inhibitor
  A adenylpyrophosphatase inhibitors
  A SV40 T-antigen inhibitor
  A adenosine triphosphatase inhibitors
  A ATPase inhibitor
  A HCO3(-)-ATPase inhibitor
  A triphosphatase inhibitors
  A (Ca(2+) + Mg(2+))-ATPase inhibitor
  A triphosphatase inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase inhibitor
  A adenosine triphosphatase inhibitor
  A complex V (mitochondrial electron transport) inhibitors
  A adenylpyrophosphatase inhibitor
  A ATP monophosphatase inhibitors
  A ATP monophosphatase inhibitor
  A ATP hydrolase inhibitor
  A complex V (mitochondrial electron transport) inhibitor
  A ATPase inhibitors
  A adenosinetriphosphatase inhibitors
  A adenosinetriphosphatase (EC 3.6.1.3) inhibitor
  A adenosine 5'-triphosphatase inhibitor
  A adenosine 5'-triphosphatase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.1.3 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77747
  A aminophospholipid-transporting ATPase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.1 inhibitors
  A phospholipid-translocating ATPase (EC 3.6.3.1) inhibitor
  A flippase inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (phospholipid-flipping) inhibitor
  A phospholipid-transporting ATPase inhibitor
  A phospholipid-translocating ATPase inhibitor
  A flippase inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.1 (phospholipid-translocating ATPase) inhibitor
  A phospholipid-transporting ATPase inhibitors
  A Mg(2)(+)-ATPase inhibitor
  A Mg(2)(+)-ATPase inhibitors
  A magnesium-ATPase inhibitors
  A phospholipid-translocating ATPase (EC 3.6.3.1) inhibitors
  A magnesium-ATPase inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.1 inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (phospholipid-flipping) inhibitors
  A phospholipid-translocating ATPase inhibitors
  A aminophospholipid-transporting ATPase inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.1 (phospholipid-translocating ATPase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_49200
  A EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitors
  A (K(+) + H(+))-ATPase inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging) inhibitor
  A H(+)/K(+)-ATPase inhibitor
  A proton pump inhibitors
  A H(+)/K(+)-ATPase inhibitors
  A H,K-ATPase inhibitors
  A H(+)-K(+)-ATPase inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.10 inhibitors
  A H,K-ATPase inhibitor
  A H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.10 inhibitor
  A proton pump inhibitor
  A (K(+) + H(+))-ATPase inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging) inhibitors
  A H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor
  A H(+)-K(+)-ATPase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_73214
  A H(+)-transporting two-sector ATPase inhibitors
  A coupling factors (Fo, F1 and CF1) inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (H(+)-transporting) inhibitor
  A bacterial Ca(2+)/Mg(2+) ATPase inhibitor
  A coupling factors (Fo, F1 and CF1) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.14 (H(+)-transporting two-sector ATPase) inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (H(+)-transporting) inhibitors
  A FoF1-ATPase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.14 (H(+)-transporting two-sector ATPase) inhibitor
  A H(+)-transporting ATPase inhibitors
  A mitochondrial ATPase inhibitor
  A chloroplast ATPase inhibitors
  A H(+)-transporting ATPase inhibitor
  A H(+)-transporting two-sector ATPase inhibitor
  A H(+)-transporting two-sector ATPase (EC 3.6.3.14) inhibitors
  A mitochondrial ATPase inhibitors
  A bacterial Ca(2+)/Mg(2+) ATPase inhibitors
  A ATP synthase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.14 inhibitors
  A H(+)-transporting two-sector ATPase (EC 3.6.3.14) inhibitor
  A FoF1-ATPase inhibitor
  A chloroplast ATPase inhibitor
  A F1-ATPase inhibitors
  A ATP synthase inhibitor
  A F1-ATPase inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.14 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77748
  A multidrug-resistance protein inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.44 inhibitors
  A PDR protein inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (steroid-exporting) inhibitor
  A MDR protein inhibitor
  A pleiotropic-drug-resistance protein inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (xenobiotic-exporting) inhibitors
  A xenobiotic-transporting ATPase inhibitors
  A multidrug-resistance protein inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.44 inhibitor
  A MDR protein inhibitors
  A P-glycoprotein inhibitor
  A xenobiotic-transporting ATPase (EC 3.6.3.44) inhibitors
  A xenobiotic-transporting ATPase inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (xenobiotic-exporting) inhibitor
  A steroid-transporting ATPase inhibitor
  A xenobiotic-transporting ATPase (EC 3.6.3.44) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.44 (xenobiotic-transporting ATPase) inhibitors
  A steroid-transporting ATPase inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (steroid-exporting) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.44 (xenobiotic-transporting ATPase) inhibitor
  A PDR protein inhibitors
  A pleiotropic-drug-resistance protein inhibitor
  A P-glycoprotein inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_131770
  A cystic fibrosis conductance regulator inhibitor
  A cystic-fibrosis membrane-conductance-regulating protein inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (channel-conductance-controlling) inhibitors
  A cystic fibrosis conductance regulator inhibitors
  A cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator inhibitors
  A cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator inhibitor
  A cystic-fibrosis membrane-conductance-regulating protein inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.49 (channel-conductance-controlling ATPase) inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (channel-conductance-controlling) inhibitor
  A channel-conductance-controlling ATPase (EC 3.6.3.49) inhibitors
  A CFTR inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.49 (channel-conductance-controlling ATPase) inhibitors
  A CFTR inhibitors
  A channel-conductance-controlling ATPase inhibitor
  A channel-conductance-controlling ATPase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.49 inhibitors
  A channel-conductance-controlling ATPase (EC 3.6.3.49) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.49 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_60186
  A Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase (EC 3.6.3.8) inhibitor
  A sarcoplasmic reticulum ATPase inhibitors
  A SERCA inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.8 (Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitors
  A sarco(endo)plasmic reticulum Ca(2+)-ATPase inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (Ca(2+)-transporting) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.8 (Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)-pumping ATPase inhibitors
  A Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase inhibitors
  A SERCA inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase inhibitor
  A plasma membrane Ca-ATPase inhibitors
  A sarco(endo)plasmic reticulum Ca(2+)-ATPase inhibitors
  A calcium pump inhibitors
  A sarcoplasmic reticulum ATPase inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)-pumping ATPase inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (Ca(2+)-transporting) inhibitor
  A plasma membrane Ca-ATPase inhibitor
  A calcium pump inhibitor
  A Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase (EC 3.6.3.8) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_63510
  A EC 3.6.3.9 inhibitors
  A sodium pump inhibitors
  A Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase inhibitor
  A Na(+)/K(+)-pump inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor
  A Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase (EC 3.6.3.9) inhibitors
  A Na(+)/K(+)-pump inhibitors
  A sodium-potassium pump inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitors
  A sodium-potassium adenosine triphosphatase inhibitors
  A sodium-potassium pump inhibitor
  A Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase (EC 3.6.3.9) inhibitor
  A sodium pump inhibitor
  A Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase inhibitor
  A Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase inhibitors
  A sodium-potassium adenosine triphosphatase inhibitor
  A Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.3.9 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76939
  A non-chaperonin molecular chaperone ATPase (EC 3.6.4.10) inhibitors
  A molecular chaperone Hsc70 ATPase inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.4.10 inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (polypeptide-polymerizing) inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (polypeptide-polymerising) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.4.10 inhibitors
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (polypeptide-polymerising) inhibitor
  A ATP phosphohydrolase (polypeptide-polymerizing) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.4.10 (non-chaperonin molecular chaperone ATPase) inhibitors
  A molecular chaperone Hsc70 ATPase inhibitor
  A non-chaperonin molecular chaperone ATPase (EC 3.6.4.10) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.4.10 (non-chaperonin molecular chaperone ATPase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63962
  A heat shock protein 90 inhibitors
  A heat shock protein 90 inhibitor
  A Hsp90 inhibitors
  A Hsp90 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_132772
  A EC 3.6.5.5 inhibitor
  A GTP phosphohydrolase (vesicle-releasing) inhibitors
  A dynamin GTPase inhibitors
  A dynamin GTPase inhibitor
  A dynamin GTPase (EC 3.6.5.5) inhibitors
  A dynamin GTPase (EC 3.6.5.5) inhibitor
  A GTP phosphohydrolase (vesicle-releasing) inhibitor
  A EC 3.6.5.5 (dynamin GTPase) inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.5.5 inhibitors
  A EC 3.6.5.5 (dynamin GTPase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76711
  A C-C lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.* inhibitor
  A C-C lyase (EC 4.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.* (C-C lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.* (C-C lyase) inhibitor
  A C-C lyase (EC 4.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.* inhibitors
  A C-C lyase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76712
  A C-O lyase inhibitor
  A C-O lyase (EC 4.2.*) inhibitor
  A C-O lyase (EC 4.2.*) inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.* (C-O lyase) inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.* inhibitors
  A C-O lyase inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.* (C-O lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76713
  A EC 4.3.* (C-N lyase) inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.* (C-N lyase) inhibitors
  A C-N lyase (EC 4.3.*) inhibitors
  A C-N lyase (EC 4.3.*) inhibitor
  A C-N lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.* inhibitors
  A C-N lyase inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76714
  A C-S lyase inhibitors
  A C-S lyase (EC 4.4.*) inhibitors
  A EC 4.4.* inhibitor
  A C-S lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.4.* (C-S lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.4.* (C-S lyase) inhibitor
  A C-S lyase (EC 4.4.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.4.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76715
  A C-halide lyase (EC 4.5.*) inhibitors
  A C-halide lyase inhibitors
  A C-halide lyase (EC 4.5.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.5.* inhibitor
  A EC 4.5.* (C-halide lyase) inhibitor
  A C-halide lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.5.* (C-halide lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.5.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76716
  A P-O lyase inhibitors
  A P-O lyase (EC 4.6.*) inhibitors
  A EC 4.6.* (P-O lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.6.* inhibitors
  A P-O lyase (EC 4.6.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.6.* (P-O lyase) inhibitor
  A P-O lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.6.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76717
  A EC 4.7.* inhibitor
  A C-P lyase (EC 4.7.*) inhibitors
  A EC 4.7.* inhibitors
  A EC 4.7.* (C-P lyase) inhibitors
  A C-P lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.7.* (C-P lyase) inhibitor
  A C-P lyase (EC 4.7.*) inhibitor
  A C-P lyase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76718
  A EC 4.99.* (miscellaneous lyase) inhibitors
  A miscellaneous lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.99.* (other lyase) inhibitor
  A other lyase (EC 4.99.*) inhibitor
  A other lyase (EC 4.99.*) inhibitors
  A miscellaneous lyase inhibitors
  A EC 4.99.* (other lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.99.* inhibitor
  A EC 4.99.* (miscellaneous lyase) inhibitor
  A miscellaneous lyase (EC 4.99.*) inhibitors
  A miscellaneous lyase (EC 4.99.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.99.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76906
  A EC 4.1.1.* (carboxy-lyase) inhibitor
  A carboxy-lyases (EC 4.1.1.*) inhibitors
  A carboxy-lyases (EC 4.1.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.* inhibitors
  A carboxy-lyase (EC 4.1.1.*) inhibitors
  A carboxy-lyase (EC 4.1.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.* (carboxy-lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.* (carboxy-lyases) inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.* (carboxy-lyases) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_65053
  A L-arginine carboxy-lyase (agmatine-forming) inhibitor
  A ADC inhibitor
  A ADC inhibitors
  A L-arginine carboxy-lyase inhibitors
  A arginine decarboxylase (EC 4.1.1.19) inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.19 (arginine decarboxylase) inhibitor
  A L-arginine carboxy-lyase inhibitor
  A L-arginine carboxy-lyase (agmatine-forming) inhibitors
  A SpeA inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.19 (arginine decarboxylase) inhibitors
  A arginine decarboxylase (EC 4.1.1.19) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.19 inhibitors
  A arginine decarboxylase inhibitors
  A arginine decarboxylase inhibitor
  A SpeA inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.19 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90285
  A orotate monophosphate decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A orotidine-5'-phosphate carboxy-lyase (UMP-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.23 inhibitor
  A orotidine phosphate decarboxylase inhibitor
  A OMP decarboxylase inhibitor
  A OMPdcase inhibitor
  A orotidine phosphate decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A orotidine-5'-phosphate decarboxylase (EC 4.1.1.23) inhibitor
  A OMP-DC ihnibitors
  A orotidine-5'-phosphate decarboxylase (EC 4.1.1.23) inhibitors
  A orotidine monophosphate decarboxylase inhibitor
  A orotidine monophosphate decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A ODCase ihnibitors
  A ODCase inhibitor
  A orotidylic decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A orotidine 5'-phosphate decarboxylase inhibitor
  A orotate decarboxylase inhibitor
  A orotidine-5'-monophosphate decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A orotidylic acid decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A orotate decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A orotidine-5'-phosphate carboxy-lyase inhibitor
  A orotidine-5'-phosphate carboxy-lyase (UMP-forming) ihnibitors
  A orotate monophosphate decarboxylase inhibitor
  A OMPdcase ihnibitors
  A UMP synthase inhibitor
  A orotodylate decarboxylase inhibitor
  A UMP synthase ihnibitors
  A orotidine-5'-monophosphate decarboxylase inhibitor
  A orotidine 5'-phosphate decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A uridine 5'-monophosphate synthase ihnibitors
  A OMP-DC inhibitor
  A orotic decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A uridine 5'-monophosphate synthase inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.23 (orotidine-5'-phosphate decarboxylase) inhibitors
  A orotodylate decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A orotic decarboxylase inhibitor
  A OMP decarboxylase ihnibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.23 inhibitors
  A orotidylic acid decarboxylase inhibitor
  A orotidylic decarboxylase inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.23 (orotidine-5'-phosphate decarboxylase) inhibitor
  A orotidine-5'-phosphate carboxy-lyase ihnibitors
obo:CHEBI_59321
  A EC 4.1.1.28 (aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.28 (aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.28 inhibitor
  A tryptophan decarboxylase inhibitor
  A aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase (EC 4.1.1.28) inhibitor
  A DOPA decarboxylase inhibitors
  A 5-hydroxytryptophan decarboxylase inhibitor
  A aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase (EC 4.1.1.28) inhibitors
  A L-DOPA decarboxylase inhibitor
  A aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase inhibitors
  A aromatic amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor
  A aromatic amino acid decarboxylase inhibitors
  A L-DOPA decarboxylase inhibitors
  A 5-hydroxytryptophan decarboxylase inhibitors
  A DOPA decarboxylase inhibitor
  A hydroxytryptophan decarboxylase inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.28 inhibitors
  A tryptophan decarboxylase inhibitors
  A aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase inhibitor
  A hydroxytryptophan decarboxylase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78024
  A S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine carboxy-lyase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine decarboxylase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine decarboxylase inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine carboxy-lyase [(5-deoxy-5-adenosyl)(3-aminopropyl)methylsulfonium-salt-forming] inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine carboxy-lyase [S-adenosyl 3-(methylthio)propylamine-forming] inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.1.50 (adenosylmethionine decarboxylase) inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine carboxy-lyase [S-adenosyl 3-(methylthio)propylamine-forming] inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.50 (adenosylmethionine decarboxylase) inhibitors
  A S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.50 inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.1.50 inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine carboxy-lyase [(5-deoxy-5-adenosyl)(3-aminopropyl)methylsulfonium-salt-forming] inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine carboxy-lyase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_83035
  A EC 4.1.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.2.* (aldehyde-lyases) inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.2.* (aldehyde-lyases) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.2.* (aldehyde-lyase) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.2.* (aldehyde-lyase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_83034
  A sphingosine-1-phosphate lyase inhibitor
  A sphinganine-1-phosphate palmitaldehyde-lyase (phosphoethanolamine-forming) inhibitors
  A dihydrosphingosine 1-phosphate aldolase inhibitors
  A sphinganine-1-phosphate lyase inhibitors
  A sphinganine-1-phosphate alkanal-lyase inhibitor
  A S1P lyase inhibitors
  A S1P lyase inhibitor
  A sphinganine-1-phosphate palmitaldehyde-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.2.27 (sphinganine-1-phosphate aldolase) inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.2.27 inhibitor
  A sphinganine-1-phosphate palmitaldehyde-lyase inhibitors
  A sphinganine-1-phosphate palmitaldehyde-lyase (phosphoethanolamine-forming) inhibitor
  A sphingosine-1-phosphate aldolase inhibitor
  A EC 4.1.2.27 (sphinganine-1-phosphate aldolase) inhibitors
  A sphinganine-1-phosphate alkanal-lyase inhibitors
  A EC 4.1.2.27 inhibitors
  A sphinganine-1-phosphate lyase inhibitor
  A dihydrosphingosine 1-phosphate aldolase inhibitor
  A sphingosine-1-phosphate lyase inhibitors
  A sphingosine-1-phosphate aldolase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76907
  A EC 4.2.1.* (hydro-lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.* (hydro-lyase) inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.* (hydro-lyases) inhibitor
  A hydro-lyase (EC 4.2.1.*) inhibitor
  A hydro-lyase (EC 4.2.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.* (hydro-lyases) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_23018
  A carbonic anhydrase (EC 4.2.1.1) inhibitor
  A carbonate hydro-lyase inhibitors
  A carbonic acid anhydrase inhibitor
  A carbonate hydro-lyase (carbon-dioxide-forming) inhibitor
  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitors
  A carboxyanhydrase inhibitors
  A anhydrase inhibitor
  A carbonic anhydrase A inhibitor
  A carbonate anhydrase inhibitors
  A carbonic anhydrase (EC 4.2.1.1) inhibitors
  A carbonic acid anhydrase inhibitors
  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor
  A carbonate dehydratase inhibitors
  A carbonate dehydratase inhibitor
  A carbonic anhydrase A inhibitors
  A carbonate hydro-lyase (carbon-dioxide-forming) inhibitors
  A carbonate anhydrase inhibitor
  A anhydrase inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor
  A carbonate hydro-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.1 inhibitors
  A carboxyanhydrase inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.1 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_60688
  A tryptophan synthase (EC 4.2.1.20) inhibitor
  A tryptophan synthase (EC 4.2.1.20) inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.20 inhibitors
  A indoleglycerol phosphate aldolase inhibitors
  A tryptophan synthase inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.20 inhibitor
  A L-serine hydro-lyase (adding indoleglycerol-phosphate) inhibitors
  A L-serine hydro-lyase (adding indoleglycerol-phosphate) inhibitor
  A tryptophan desmolase inhibitors
  A L-tryptophan synthetase inhibitors
  A tryptophan synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.20 (tryptophan synthase) inhibitor
  A tryptophan synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.20 (tryptophan synthase) inhibitors
  A tryptophan desmolase inhibitor
  A L-tryptophan synthetase inhibitor
  A indoleglycerol phosphate aldolase inhibitor
  A tryptophan synthase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63157
  A serine sulfhydrase inhibitor
  A cysteine synthase inhibitors
  A cystathionine-beta-synthase inhibitors
  A serine sulfhydrylase inhibitors
  A cystathionine beta-synthase (EC 4.2.1.22) inhibitor
  A beta-thionase inhibitor
  A serine sulfhydrase inhibitors
  A cystathionine beta-synthase inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.22 (cystathionine beta-synthase) inhibitor
  A methylcysteine synthase inhibitors
  A methylcysteine synthase inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.22 inhibitors
  A L-serine hydro-lyase (adding homocysteine) inhibitors
  A L-serine hydro-lyase (adding homocysteine; L-cystathionine-forming) inhibitor
  A serine sulfhydrylase inhibitor
  A cystathionine beta-synthase (EC 4.2.1.22) inhibitors
  A cystathionine beta-synthase inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.22 inhibitor
  A L-serine hydro-lyase (adding homocysteine; L-cystathionine-forming) inhibitors
  A beta-thionase inhibitors
  A cysteine synthase inhibitor
  A L-serine hydro-lyase (adding homocysteine) inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.22 (cystathionine beta-synthase) inhibitors
  A cystathionine-beta-synthase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_62608
  A aconitase inhibitors
  A citrate(isocitrate) hydro-lyase inhibitors
  A citrate(isocitrate) hydro-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.3 (aconitate hydratase) inhibitors
  A aconitate hydratase (EC 4.2.1.3) inhibitor
  A 2-methylaconitate hydratase inhibitors
  A AcnB inhibitor
  A aconitase inhibitor
  A cis-aconitase inhibitor
  A 4.2.1.3 inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.3 (aconitate hydratase) inhibitor
  A citrate hydro-lyase inhibitors
  A aconitate hydratase inhibitor
  A 4.2.1.3 inhibitors
  A citrate hydro-lyase inhibitor
  A AcnB inhibitors
  A aconitate hydratase (EC 4.2.1.3) inhibitors
  A aconitate hydratase inhibitors
  A cis-aconitase inhibitors
  A citrate(isocitrate) hydro-lyase (cis-aconitate-forming) inhibitor
  A citrate(isocitrate) hydro-lyase (cis-aconitate-forming) inhibitors
  A 2-methylaconitate hydratase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_84012
  A EC 4.2.1.94 (scytalone dehydratase) inhibitors
  A scytalone 7,8-hydro-lyase (1,3,8-trihydroxynaphthalene-forming) inhibitors
  A scytalone 7,8-hydro-lyase inhibitors
  A EC 4.2.1.94 inhibitors
  A scytalone 7,8-hydro-lyase (1,3,8-trihydroxynaphthalene-forming) inhibitor
  A scytalone 7,8-hydro-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.94 inhibitor
  A EC 4.2.1.94 (scytalone dehydratase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76832
  A EC 4.3.1.* (ammonia-lyase) inhibitor
  A ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.* inhibitors
  A ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.*) inhibitors
  A ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.* (ammonia-lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.* (ammonia-lyases) inhibitors
  A ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.* (ammonia-lyases) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77090
  A L-serine-O-sulfate ammonia-lyase (pyruvate-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.10 (serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase) inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.10 (serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase) inhibitors
  A serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.10) inhibitors
  A serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.10) inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.10 inhibitor
  A (L-SOS)lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.10 inhibitors
  A L-serine-O-sulfate ammonia-lyase (pyruvate-forming) inhibitors
  A (L-SOS)lyase inhibitors
  A serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77881
  A 2,3-diaminopropanoate ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A alpha,beta-diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A diaminopropionatase inhibitor
  A 2,3-diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.15) inhibitor
  A diaminopropionatase inhibitors
  A 2,3-diaminopropanoate ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.15 inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.15 (diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase) inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.15 (diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase) inhibitors
  A diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A 2,3-diaminopropanoate ammonia-lyase (adding water; pyruvate-forming) inhibitor
  A diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A 2,3-diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A 2,3-diaminopropanoate ammonia-lyase (adding H2O; pyruvate-forming) inhibitor
  A 2,3-diaminopropanoate ammonia-lyase (adding H2O; pyruvate-forming) inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.15 inhibitor
  A 2,3-diaminopropanoate ammonia-lyase (adding water; pyruvate-forming) inhibitors
  A diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.15) inhibitors
  A alpha,beta-diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_62871
  A phenylalanine deaminase inhibitors
  A Phe ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A PAL inhibitors
  A L-phenylalanine ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A phenylalanine deaminase inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.24 inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.24 inhibitor
  A L-phenylalanine ammonia-lyase (trans-cinnamate-forming) inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.24 (phenylalanine ammonia-lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.24 (phenylalanine ammonia-lyase) inhibitor
  A phenylalanine ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.24) inhibitors
  A L-phenylalanine ammonia-lyase (trans-cinnamate-forming) inhibitor
  A PAL inhibitor
  A phenylalanine ammonium-lyase inhibitor
  A phenylalanine ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A Phe ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A phenylalanine ammonium-lyase inhibitors
  A L-phenylalanine ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A phenylalanine ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A phenylalanine ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.24) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_77703
  A L-histidine ammonia-lyase (urocanate-forming) inhibitors
  A histidine alpha-deaminase inhibitor
  A histidine ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A histidinase inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.3 (histidine ammonia-lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.3.1.3 inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.3 (histidine ammonia-lyase) inhibitor
  A histidine ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.3) inhibitor
  A L-histidine ammonia-lyase inhibitor
  A histidine alpha-deaminase inhibitors
  A histidine ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A histidase inhibitor
  A EC 4.3.1.3 inhibitors
  A histidase inhibitors
  A histidinase inhibitor
  A L-histidine ammonia-lyase (urocanate-forming) inhibitor
  A L-histidine ammonia-lyase inhibitors
  A histidine ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.3) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76831
  A EC 4.4.1.* (C-S lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.4.1.* inhibitor
  A C-S lyase (EC 4.4.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 4.4.1.* inhibitors
  A C-S lyase (EC 4.4.1.*) inhibitors
  A EC 4.4.1.* (C-S lyase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73196
  A methioninase inhibitor
  A EC 4.4.1.11 (methionine gamma-lyase) inhibitor
  A methionine gamma-lyase inhibitors
  A L-methioninase inhibitor
  A methionine gamma-lyase (EC 4.4.1.11) inhibitor
  A methionine gamma-lyase inhibitor
  A methionine gamma-lyase (EC 4.4.1.11) inhibitors
  A EC 4.4.1.11 (methionine gamma-lyase) inhibitors
  A methioninase inhibitors
  A L-methioninase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_136984
  A 1-aminocyclopropanecarboxylate synthase inhibitors
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine methylthioadenosine-lyase inhibitor
  A ACC synthase inhibitors
  A ACC synthase inhibitor
  A EC 4.4.1.14 (1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase) inhibitors
  A 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid synthase inhibitors
  A aminocyclopropanecarboxylate synthase inhibitor
  A EC 4.4.1.14 inhibitor
  A 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid synthase inhibitor
  A 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthetase inhibitors
  A 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase inhibitor
  A EC 4.4.1.14 (1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase) inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine methylthioadenosine-lyase (1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate-forming) inhibitors
  A 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthetase inhibitor
  A aminocyclopropanecarboxylate synthase inhibitors
  A EC 4.4.1.14 inhibitors
  A 1-aminocyclopropanecarboxylate synthase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine methylthioadenosine-lyase (1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate-forming) inhibitor
  A aminocyclopropanecarboxylic acid synthase inhibitors
  A aminocyclopropanecarboxylic acid synthase inhibitor
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine methylthioadenosine-lyase inhibitors
  A 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_90365
  A ATP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing; 3',5'-cyclic-AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A ATP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing) inhibitors
  A 3',5'-cyclic AMP synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 4.6.1.1 (adenylate cyclase) inhibitors
  A ATP diphosphate-lyase (cyclising) inhibitors
  A adenylylcyclase inhibitors
  A adenylyl cyclase inhibitors
  A ATP diphosphate-lyase (cyclising; 3',5'-cyclic-AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase inhibitors
  A EC 4.6.1.1 (adenylate cyclase) inhibitor
  A adenylyl cyclase inhibitor
  A ATP diphosphate-lyase (cyclising) inhibitor
  A adenylate cyclase inhibitor
  A EC 4.6.1.1 inhibitors
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase inhibitor
  A ATP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing) inhibitor
  A adenylylcyclase inhibitor
  A adenylate cyclase (EC 4.6.1.1) inhibitors
  A adenylate cyclase inhibitors
  A adenyl cyclase inhibitor
  A ATP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing; 3',5'-cyclic-AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A 3',5'-cyclic AMP synthetase inhibitor
  A ATP diphosphate-lyase (cyclising; 3',5'-cyclic-AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A adenylate cyclase (EC 4.6.1.1) inhibitor
  A EC 4.6.1.1 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78678
  A GTP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing; 3',5'-cyclic-GMP-forming) inhibitors
  A guanylyl cyclase inhibitors
  A EC 4.6.1.2 inhibitor
  A guanyl cyclase inhibitors
  A GTP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing; 3',5'-cyclic-GMP-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 4.6.1.2 inhibitors
  A guanyl cyclase inhibitor
  A GTP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing) inhibitors
  A GTP diphosphate-lyase (cyclizing) inhibitor
  A EC 4.6.1.2 (guanylate cyclase) inhibitors
  A EC 4.6.1.2 (guanylate cyclase) inhibitor
  A guanylyl cyclase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76692
  A racemase/epimerase inhibitors
  A racemase/epimerase inhibitor
  A racemase and epimerase (EC 5.1*) inhibitor
  A EC 5.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.1.* (racemase/epimerase) inhibitors
  A racemase and epimerase (EC 5.1*) inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.* (racemase/epimerase) inhibitor
  A racemase and epimerase inhibitor
  A EC 5.1.* inhibitors
  A racemase and epimerase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76693
  A cis-trans-isomerase (EC5.2.*) inhibitor
  A EC 5.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 5.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.2.* (cis-trans-isomerase) inhibitors
  A EC 5.2.* (cis-trans-isomerase) inhibitor
  A cis-trans-isomerase inhibitors
  A cis-trans-isomerase (EC5.2.*) inhibitors
  A cis-trans-isomerase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76694
  A intramolecular oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A intramolecular oxidoreductase (EC 5.3.*) inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.* (intramolecular oxidoreductase) inhibitors
  A intramolecular oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A intramolecular oxidoreductase (EC 5.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 5.3.* (intramolecular oxidoreductase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76695
  A intramolecular transferase inhibitors
  A intramolecular transferase (EC 5.4.*) inhibitors
  A EC 5.4.* (intramolecular transferase) inhibitors
  A intramolecular transferase (EC 5.4.*) inhibitor
  A intramolecular transferase inhibitor
  A EC 5.4.* (intramolecular transferase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76696
  A intramolecular lyase inhibitor
  A intramolecular lyase inhibitors
  A EC 5.5.* inhibitors
  A EC 5.5.* (intramolecular lyase) inhibitors
  A EC 5.5.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.5.* (intramolecular lyase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76697
  A EC 5.99.* (miscellaneous isomerases) inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.* inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.* (miscellaneous isomerases) inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.* (other isomerases) inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.* (other isomerase) inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.* (other isomerase) inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.* (other isomerases) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76828
  A EC 5.1.1.* (racemases acting on amino acids and derivatives) inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.1.1.* inhibitors
  A inhibitors of racemases acting on amino acids and derivatives
  A inhibitor of racemases acting on amino acids and derivatives (EC 5.1.1.*)
  A EC 5.1.1.* (racemases acting on amino acids and derivatives) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of racemases acting on amino acids and derivatives
  A inhibitors of racemases acting on amino acids and derivatives (EC 5.1.1.*)
obo:CHEBI_78381
  A inhibitor of racemases acting on hydroxy acids and derivatives (EC 5.1.2.*)
  A inhibitors of racemases acting on hydroxy acids and derivatives (EC 5.1.2.*)
  A inhibitor of racemases acting on hydroxy acids and derivatives
  A inhibitors of racemases acting on hydroxy acids and derivatives
  A EC 5.1.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.2.* (racemases acting on hydroxy acids and derivatives) inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.1.2.* (racemases acting on hydroxy acids and derivatives) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78382
  A EC 5.1.3.* (racemases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of racemases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives (EC 5.1.3.*)
  A inhibitor of racemases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives
  A EC 5.1.3.* (racemases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives) inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.3.* inhibitor
  A inhibitors of racemases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives
  A EC 5.1.3.* inhibitors
  A inhibitors of racemases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives (EC 5.1.3.*)
obo:CHEBI_78383
  A EC 5.1.99.* inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.99.* (racemases acting on other compounds) inhibitor
  A inhibitor of racemases acting on other compounds (EC 5.1.99.*)
  A EC 5.1.99.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.1.99.* (racemases acting on other compounds) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of racemases acting on other compounds (EC 5.1.99.*)
obo:CHEBI_75595
  A EC 5.1.1.1 inhibitor
  A EC 5.1.1.1 inhibitors
  A L-alanine racemase inhibitors
  A alanine racemase inhibitor
  A EC 5.1.1.1 (alanine racemase) inhibitors
  A L-alanine racemase inhibitor
  A alanine racemase (EC 5.1.1.1) inhibitor
  A alanine racemase (EC 5.1.1.1) inhibitors
  A alanine racemase inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.1.1 (alanine racemase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78384
  A uridine diphosphoglucose epimerase inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.3.2 inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.3.2 (UDP-glucose 4-epimerase) inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphate galactose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A uridine diphosphate galactose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A UDP-D-galactose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A uridine diphospho-galactose-4-epimerase inhibitor
  A galactowaldenase inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.3.2 (UDP-glucose 4-epimerase) inhibitor
  A UDP-alpha-D-glucose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphoglucose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A uridine diphospho-galactose-4-epimerase inhibitors
  A UDP-alpha-D-glucose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A EC 5.1.3.2 inhibitor
  A UDPgalactose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A UDP-glucose epimerase inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphoglucose epimerase inhibitor
  A UDPglucose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A UDPG-4-epimerase inhibitor
  A uridine diphosphoglucose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphate glucose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A UDPglucose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A UDP-glucose epimerase inhibitor
  A UDP-glucose 4-epimerase (EC 5.1.3.2) inhibitors
  A UDP-galactose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A UDPG-4-epimerase inhibitors
  A UDP-glucose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A galactowaldenase inhibitor
  A UDP-D-galactose 4-epimerase inhibitor
  A UDPgalactose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A UDP-glucose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A UDP-glucose 4-epimerase (EC 5.1.3.2) inhibitor
  A UDP-galactose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A uridine diphosphate glucose 4-epimerase inhibitors
  A 4-epimerase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90689
  A EC 5.3.1.* (intramolecular oxidoreductase interconverting aldoses and ketoses) inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 5.3.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.1.* (intramolecular oxidoreductase interconverting aldoses and ketoses) inhibitors
  A intramolecular oxidoreductase interconverting aldoses and ketoses (EC 5.3.1.*) inhibitors
  A intramolecular oxidoreductase interconverting aldoses and ketoses (EC 5.3.1.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_86383
  A EC 5.3.3.* inhibitor
  A intramolecular oxidase transposing C=C bonds inhibitor (EC 5.3.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 5.3.3.* (intramolecular oxidase transposing C=C bonds) inhibitors
  A EC 5.3.3.* (intramolecular oxidase transposing C=C bonds) inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.3.* inhibitors
  A intramolecular oxidase transposing C=C bonds inhibitor (EC 5.3.3.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90691
  A triose phosphoisomerase inhibitors
  A triose phosphate mutase inhibitors
  A triosephosphate mutase inhibitors
  A phosphotriose isomerase inhibitors
  A triose phosphate mutase inhibitor
  A phosphotriose isomerase inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.1.1 inhibitor
  A triose phosphoisomerase inhibitor
  A D-glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate ketol-isomerase inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.1.1 (triose-phosphate isomerase) inhibitors
  A triosephosphate isomerase inhibitor
  A triose-phosphate isomerase inhibitors
  A triose-phosphate isomerase inhibitor
  A triosephosphate mutase inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.1.1 (triose-phosphate isomerase) inhibitor
  A triose-phosphate isomerase (EC 5.3.1.1) inhibitor
  A triosephosphate isomerase inhibitors
  A EC 5.3.1.1 inhibitors
  A triose-phosphate isomerase (EC 5.3.1.1) inhibitors
  A D-glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate ketol-isomerase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_86385
  A Delta(7)-cholestenol Delta(7)-Delta(8)-isomerase inhibitor
  A cholestenol Delta-isomerase (EC 5.3.3.5) inhibitor
  A Delta(7)-cholestenol Delta(7)-Delta(8)-isomerase inhibitors
  A EC 5.3.3.5 (cholestenol Delta-isomerase) inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.3.5 inhibitor
  A EC 5.3.3.5 inhibitors
  A EC 5.3.3.5 (cholestenol Delta-isomerase) inhibitors
  A cholestenol Delta-isomerase (EC 5.3.3.5) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76829
  A EC 5.4.3.* (intramolecular transferase transferring amino groups) inhibitor
  A inhibitors of intramolecular transferase transferring amino groups
  A inhibitor of intramolecular transferase transferring amino groups (EC 5.4.3.*)
  A inhibitor of intramolecular transferase transferring amino groups
  A EC 5.4.3.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.4.3.* (intramolecular transferase transferring amino groups) inhibitors
  A inhibitors of intramolecular transferase transferring amino groups (EC 5.4.3.*)
  A EC 5.4.3.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_101090
  A EC 5.4.99.* (intramolecular transferase transferring other groups) inhibitors
  A EC 5.4.99.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.4.99.* inhibitors
  A intramolecular transferase transferring other groups inhibitors
  A intramolecular transferase transferring other groups inhibitor
  A inhibitors of intramolecular transferase transferring other groups
  A inhibitor of intramolecular transferase transferring other groups
  A EC 5.4.99.* (intramolecular transferase transferring other groups) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75190
  A EC 5.4.3.2 inhibitor
  A L-lysine 2,3-aminomutase inhibitor
  A lysine 2,3-aminomutase (EC 5.4.3.2) inhibitor
  A lysine 2,3-aminomutase inhibitor
  A lysine 2,3-aminomutase (EC 5.4.3.2) inhibitors
  A L-lysine 2,3-aminomutase inhibitors
  A EC 5.4.3.2 (lysine 2,3-aminomutase) inhibitor
  A EC 5.4.3.2 inhibitors
  A EC 5.4.3.2 (lysine 2,3-aminomutase) inhibitors
  A lysine 2,3-aminomutase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_101086
  A EC 5.4.99.7 (lanosterol synthase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76830
  A EC 5.99.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.1.* (miscellaneous isomerase) inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.1.* (miscellaneous isomerase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_70727
  A topoisomerase inhibitors
  A topoisomerase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50276
  A type I DNA topoisomerase inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.1.2 (topoisomerase I) inhibitors
  A topoisomerase I inhibitor
  A DNA topoisomerase inhibitors
  A topoisomerase I inhibitors
  A type I DNA topoisomerase inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.1.2 (topoisomerase I) inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitors
  A DNA topoisomerase inhibitor
  A topoisomerase I (EC 5.99.1.2) inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.1.2 inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.1.2 inhibitor
  A topoisomerase I (EC 5.99.1.2) inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50750
  A type II DNA topoisomerase inhibitor
  A topoisomerase II inhibitor
  A inhibitor of type II topoisomerase
  A EC 5.99.1.3 inhibitors
  A topoisomerase II inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.1.3 inhibitor
  A DNA topoisomerase II inhibitor
  A DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing) inhibitors
  A topoisomerase-II inhibitor
  A inhibitors of type II topoisomerase
  A DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing) (EC 5.99.1.3) inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitors
  A topoisomerase-II inhibitors
  A DNA gyrase inhibitor
  A EC 5.99.1.3 (DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)) inhibitor
  A DNA topoisomerase II inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor
  A DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing) inhibitor
  A DNA gyrase inhibitors
  A type II DNA topoisomerase inhibitors
  A DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing) (EC 5.99.1.3) inhibitors
  A EC 5.99.1.3 (DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_53559
  A topoisomerase IV inhibitors
  A topoisomerase IV inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76706
  A EC 6.1.* (C-O bond-forming ligase) inhibitors
  A C-O bond-forming ligase (EC 6.1.*) inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.* (C-O bond-forming ligase) inhibitor
  A C-O bond-forming ligase inhibitor
  A C-O bond-forming ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.* inhibitors
  A C-O bond-forming ligase (EC 6.1.*) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76707
  A EC 6.2.* (C-S bond-forming ligase) inhibitor
  A C-S bond-forming ligase (EC 6.2.*) inhibitors
  A C-S bond-forming ligase (EC 6.2.*) inhibitor
  A EC 6.2.* inhibitors
  A EC 6.2.* (C-S bond-forming ligase) inhibitors
  A C-S bond-forming ligase inhibitor
  A C-S bond-forming ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.2.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75600
  A EC 6.3.* (C-N bond-forming ligase) inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.*.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.*.* inhibitors
  A C-N bond-forming ligase (EC 6.3.*) inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.* inhibitors
  A C-N bond-forming ligase inhibitors
  A C--N bond-forming ligase inhibitor
  A C-N bond-forming ligase inhibitor
  A C-N bond-forming ligase (EC 6.3.*) inhibitor
  A C--N bond-forming ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.* (C-N bond-forming ligase) inhibitorS
  A EC 6.3.* inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75604
  A EC 6.4.* inhibitor
  A C-C bond-forming ligase inhibitor
  A C--C bond-forming ligase inhibitors
  A C-C bond-forming ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.4.* (C-C bond-forming ligase) inhibitorS
  A C-C bond-forming ligase (EC 6.4.*) inhibitor
  A C--C bond-forming ligase inhibitor
  A C-C bond-forming ligase (EC 6.4.*) inhibitorS
  A EC 6.4.*.* inhibitors
  A EC 6.4.*.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.4.* (C-C bond-forming ligase) inhibitor
  A EC 6.4.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_75605
  A phosphoric ester bond-forming ligase (EC 6.5.*) inhibitors
  A EC 6.5.*.* inhibitor
  A phosphoric ester bond-forming ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.5.*.* inhibitors
  A EC 6.5.* (phosphoric ester bond-forming ligase) inhibitors
  A phosphoric ester bond-forming ligase inhibitor
  A EC 6.5.* (phosphoric ester bond-forming ligase) inhibitor
  A EC 6.5.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.5.* inhibitors
  A phosphoric ester bond-forming ligase (EC 6.5.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76708
  A EC 6.6.* inhibitor
  A N-metal bond-forming ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.6.* (N-metal bond-forming ligase) inhibitors
  A EC 6.6.* inhibitors
  A N-metal bond-forming ligase inhibitor
  A N-metal bond-forming ligase (EC 6.6.*) inhibitors
  A EC 6.6.* (N-metal bond-forming ligase) inhibitor
  A N-metal bond-forming ligase (EC 6.6.*) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75416
  A EC 6.1.1.* inhibitors
  A tRNA synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 6.1.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.* (ligases forming aminoacyl tRNA and related compounds) inhibitors
  A aminoacyl tRNA synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.* (ligases forming aminoacyl tRNA and related compounds) inhibitor
  A ligases forming aminoacyl tRNA and related compounds (EC 6.1.1.*) inhibitors
  A aminoacyl tRNA synthetase inhibitors
  A ligases forming aminoacyl tRNA and related compounds (EC 6.1.1.*) inhibitor
  A tRNA synthetase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75495
  A serine translase inhibitors
  A seryl-transfer RNA synthetase inhibitors
  A SerRS inhibitors
  A seryl-transfer RNA synthetase inhibitor
  A seryl-tRNA synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.11 inhibitors
  A seryl-transfer ribonucleate synthetase inhibitors
  A serine--tRNA ligase inhibitor
  A serine--tRNA ligase inhibitors
  A seryl-tRNA synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 6.1.1.11 (serine--tRNA ligase) inhibitor
  A seryl-transfer ribonucleate synthetase inhibitor
  A L-serine:tRNA(Ser) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A serine--tRNA ligase (EC 6.1.1.11) inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.11 inhibitor
  A serine translase inhibitor
  A SerRS inhibitor
  A L-serine:tRNA(Ser) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A EC 6.1.1.11 (serine--tRNA ligase) inhibitors
  A seryl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase inhibitor
  A seryl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase inhibitors
  A serine--tRNA ligase (EC 6.1.1.11) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_82756
  A aspartyl ribonucleate synthetase inhibitor
  A aspartyl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.12 (aspartate--tRNA ligase) inhibitors
  A L-aspartate:tRNA(Asp) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A aspartyl-transfer RNA synthetase inhibitors
  A aspartyl ribonucleic synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.12 (aspartate--tRNA ligase) inhibitor
  A aspartyl-transfer RNA synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.12 inhibitor
  A aspartyl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase inhibitors
  A aspartyl-tRNA synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 6.1.1.12 inhibitors
  A L-aspartate:tRNA(Asp) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A aspartic acid translase inhibitors
  A aspartic acid translase inhibitor
  A aspartyl ribonucleic synthetase inhibitors
  A aspartyl ribonucleate synthetase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_79392
  A tryptophanyl-tRNA synthase inhibitor
  A tryptophanyl-transfer ribonucleic synthetase inhibitor
  A tryptophanyl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase inhibitors
  A tryptophanyl-transfer ribonucleate synthetase inhibitor
  A tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase inhibitor
  A tryptophan translase inhibitor
  A TrpRS inhibitor
  A tryptophanyl-transfer ribonucleic synthetase inhibitors
  A L-tryptophan-tRNA(Trp) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A tryptophanyl-transfer RNA synthetase inhibitors
  A tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase inhibitors
  A L-tryptophan:tRNA(Trp) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A tryptophanyl ribonucleic synthetase inhibitor
  A tryptophanyl-transfer ribonucleate synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 6.1.1.2 (tryptophan--tRNA ligase) inhibitor
  A tryptophan--tRNA ligase (EC 6.1.1.2) inhibitors
  A L-tryptophan:tRNA(Trp) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A tryptophanyl-transfer RNA synthetase inhibitor
  A TrpRS inhibitors
  A tryptophan translase inhibitors
  A EC 6.1.1.2 inhibitors
  A tryptophan--tRNA ligase (EC 6.1.1.2) inhibitor
  A L-tryptophan-tRNA(Trp) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.2 (tryptophan--tRNA ligase) inhibitors
  A tryptophanyl-tRNA synthase inhibitors
  A tryptophanyl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.2 inhibitor
  A tryptophanyl ribonucleic synthetase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_77953
  A leucine--tRNA ligase inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.4 inhibitors
  A leucine translase inhibitor
  A L-leucine:tRNA(Leu) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A leucyl--tRNA synthetase inhibitors
  A leucyl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase inhibitors
  A leucyl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase inhibitor
  A leucine--tRNA synthetase inhibitor
  A leucine--tRNA ligase inhibitors
  A leucyl-transfer RNA synthetase inhibitors
  A L-leucine:tRNA(Leu) ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A leucyl-transfer RNA synthetase inhibitor
  A leucine translase inhibitors
  A leucyl--tRNA synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.4 inhibitor
  A EC 6.1.1.4 (leucine--tRNA ligase) inhibitors
  A leucine--tRNA synthetase inhibitors
  A leucyl-transfer ribonucleate synthetase inhibitor
  A leucyl-transfer ribonucleate synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 6.1.1.4 (leucine--tRNA ligase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_83156
  A EC 6.2.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.2.1.* (acid-thiol ligase) inhibitor
  A EC 6.2.1.* (acid-thiol ligases) inhibitors
  A EC 6.2.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 6.2.1.* (acid-thiol ligase) inhibitors
  A EC 6.2.1.* (acid-thiol ligases) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_83157
  A long-chain acyl-coenzyme A synthetase inhibitors
  A acyl coenzyme A synthetase inhibitor
  A thiokinase inhibitors
  A long-chain acyl CoA synthetase inhibitor
  A oleoyl-CoA synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.2.1.3 (long-chain-fatty-acid--CoA ligase) inhibitor
  A long-chain fatty acyl coenzyme A synthetase inhibitors
  A acyl-CoA synthetase inhibitor
  A fatty acid thiokinase (long chain) inhibitors
  A acyl-coenzyme A ligase inhibitors
  A long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase II inhibitors
  A long chain fatty acyl-CoA synthetase inhibitors
  A fatty acid elongase inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA ligase inhibitor
  A long-chain fatty acid:CoA ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A palmitoyl-CoA synthase inhibitors
  A EC 6.2.1.3 inhibitor
  A palmitoyl-CoA synthase inhibitor
  A arachidonyl-CoA synthetase inhibitor
  A LCFA synthetase inhibitors
  A fatty acid thiokinase (long chain) inhibitor
  A EC 6.2.1.3 (long-chain-fatty-acid--CoA ligase) inhibitors
  A fatty acid CoA ligase inhibitor
  A lignoceroyl-CoA synthase inhibitors
  A long-chain acyl-coenzyme A synthetase inhibitor
  A fatty acyl-coenzyme A synthetase inhibitors
  A fatty acid CoA ligase inhibitors
  A long-chain acyl CoA synthetase inhibitors
  A acyl-activating enzyme inhibitor
  A palmitoyl-CoA ligase inhibitors
  A pristanoyl-CoA synthetase inhibitor
  A FAA1 inhibitors
  A long-chain fatty acyl coenzyme A synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.2.1.3 inhibitors
  A long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase I inhibitors
  A lignoceroyl-CoA synthase inhibitor
  A thiokinase inhibitor
  A acyl-coenzyme A ligase inhibitor
  A FAA1 inhibitor
  A ACS3 inhibitors
  A fatty acid elongase inhibitors
  A fatty acyl-coenzyme A synthetase inhibitor
  A stearoyl-CoA synthetase inhibitor
  A ACS3 inhibitor
  A acyl-CoA ligase inhibitors
  A LCFA synthetase inhibitor
  A palmitoyl coenzyme A synthetase inhibitors
  A oleoyl-CoA synthetase inhibitors
  A acyl-CoA synthetase inhibitors
  A stearoyl-CoA synthetase inhibitors
  A long chain fatty acyl-CoA synthetase inhibitor
  A acyl-activating enzyme inhibitors
  A palmitoyl coenzyme A synthetase inhibitor
  A long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase II inhibitor
  A palmitoyl-CoA ligase inhibitor
  A pristanoyl-CoA synthetase inhibitors
  A arachidonyl-CoA synthetase inhibitors
  A long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase I inhibitor
  A long-chain fatty acid:CoA ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A acyl coenzyme A synthetase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76823
  A EC 6.3.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.1.* (acid-ammonia/amine ligase) inhibitors
  A acid-ammonia (or amine) ligase inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.1.* (acid-ammonia/amine ligase) inhibitor
  A acid-ammonia (or amine) ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.1.* inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_59105
  A peptide synthase inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.* (acid--D-amino-acid ligase (peptide synthase)) inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.* inhibitors
  A acid--amino-acid ligase inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.* (acid--amino-acid ligase) inhibitors
  A acid--amino-acid ligase inhibitors
  A peptide synthase inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.* (acid--amino-acid ligase) inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.* (acid--D-amino-acid ligase) inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.* (acid--D-amino-acid ligase) inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.* [acid--D-amino-acid ligase (peptide synthase)] inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.* (acid--D-amino-acid ligase (peptide synthase)) inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.* [acid--D-amino-acid ligase (peptide synthase)] inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_24319
  A EC 6.3.1.2 (glutamate--ammonia ligase) inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.1.2 inhibitors
  A glutamate--ammonia ligase inhibitor
  A glutamate--ammonia ligase (EC 6.3.1.2) inhibitors
  A L-glutamate:ammonia ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitor
  A glutamine synthetase inhibitor
  A glutamine synthetase inhibitors
  A L-glutamine synthetase inhibitors
  A glutamate--ammonia ligase (EC 6.3.1.2) inhibitor
  A L-glutamine synthetase inhibitor
  A glutamylhydroxamic synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.1.2 inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.1.2 (glutamate--ammonia ligase) inhibitor
  A glutamate--ammonia ligase inhibitors
  A glutamylhydroxamic synthetase inhibitor
  A L-glutamate:ammonia ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_75968
  A S-phase kinase-associated protein 2 inhibitors
  A ubiquitin:protein-lysine N-ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitors
  A ubiquitin--protein ligase inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.19 (ubiquitin--protein ligase) inhibitor
  A ubiquitin--protein ligase inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.19 inhibitors
  A ubiquitin-activating enzyme inhibitor
  A Skp2 inhibitors
  A Skp2 inhibitor
  A ubiquitin-activating enzyme inhibitors
  A S-phase kinase-associated protein 2 inhibitor
  A ubiquitin:protein-lysine N-ligase (AMP-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.19 inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.19 (ubiquitin--protein ligase) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_75599
  A gamma-glutamylcysteinyl synthetase inhibitors
  A gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase inhibitor
  A glutamate--cysteine ligase (EC 6.3.2.2) inhibitors
  A glutamate--cysteine ligase inhibitor
  A gamma-glutamyl-L-cysteine synthetase inhibitor
  A gamma-glutamyl-L-cysteine synthetase inhibitors
  A glutamate--cysteine ligase inhibitors
  A glutamate--cysteine ligase (EC 6.3.2.2) inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.2 inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.2 (glutamate--cysteine ligase) inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.2 (glutamate--cysteine ligase) inhibitor
  A gamma-glutamylcysteinyl synthetase inhibitor
  A gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75598
  A EC 6.3.2.4 inhibitors
  A D-alanine:D-alanine ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitors
  A D-alanine--D-alanine ligase (EC 6.3.2.4) inhibitor
  A D-alanine--D-alanine ligase (EC 6.3.2.4) inhibitors
  A alanine:alanine ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitor
  A alanylalanine synthetase inhibitors
  A alanine:alanine ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitors
  A EC 6.3.2.4 (D-alanine--D-alanine ligase) inhibitor
  A alanylalanine synthetase inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.4 inhibitor
  A D-alanine:D-alanine ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitor
  A EC 6.3.2.4 (D-alanine--D-alanine ligase) inhibitors
  A D-alanine--D-alanine ligase inhibitors
  A D-alanine--D-alanine ligase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_76824
  A EC 6.4.1.* inhibitors
  A inhibitors of ligases forming C-C bonds
  A EC 6.4.1.* (C-C bond-forming ligase) inhibitors
  A EC 6.4.1.* (carboxylase) inhibitors
  A inhibitor of ligases forming C-C bonds (EC 6.4.1.*)
  A inhibitor of ligases forming C-C bonds
  A inhibitors of ligases forming C-C bonds (EC 6.4.1.*)
  A EC 6.4.1.* (carboxylase) inhibitor
  A EC 6.4.1.* (C-C bond forming ligase) inhibitors
  A EC 6.4.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.4.1.* (C-C bond forming ligase) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90318
  A pyruvate:carbon-dioxide ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitor
  A pyruvate carboxylase (EC 6.4.1.1) inhibitor
  A EC 6.4.1.1 inhibitors
  A pyruvic carboxylase inhibitor
  A pyruvic carboxylase inhibitors
  A EC 6.4.1.1 (pyruvate carboxylase) inhibitor
  A pyruvate carboxylase inhibitors
  A EC 6.4.1.1 inhibitor
  A EC 6.4.1.1 (pyruvate carboxylase) inhibitors
  A pyruvate carboxylase inhibitor
  A pyruvate carboxylase (EC 6.4.1.1) inhibitors
  A pyruvate:carbon-dioxide ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_70722
  A EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor
  A acetyl-CoA carboxylase inhibitor
  A acetyl-CoA carboxylase (EC 6.4.1.2) inhibitors
  A ACC inhibitor
  A EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitors
  A acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase inhibitor
  A EC 6.4.1.2 inhibitors
  A acetyl-CoA carboxylase (EC 6.4.1.2) inhibitor
  A ACC inhibitors
  A acetyl-CoA:carbon-dioxide ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitor
  A ACCase inhibitor
  A acetyl-CoA carboxylase inhibitors
  A ACCase inhibitors
  A EC 6.4.1.2 inhibitor
  A acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase inhibitors
  A acetyl-CoA:carbon-dioxide ligase (ADP-forming) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_76827
  A EC 6.5.1.* inhibitors
  A EC 6.5.1.* inhibitor
  A EC 6.5.1.* (DNA/RNA repair enzymes) inhibitors
  A EC 6.5.1.* (DNA/RNA repair enzymes) inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_64920
  A deoxyribonucleic acid joinase inhibitors
  A DNA repair enzyme inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid joinase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid repair enzyme inhibitors
  A polydeoxyribonucleotide synthase (ATP) inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic ligase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic-joining enzyme inhibitor
  A DNA-joining enzyme inhibitors
  A DNA ligase inhibitors
  A DNA ligase inhibitor
  A DNA joinase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid-joining enzyme inhibitors
  A EC 6.5.1.1 inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic ligase inhibitor
  A EC 6.5.1.1 [DNA ligase (ATP)] inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic repair enzyme inhibitor
  A EC 6.5.1.1 inhibitor
  A EC 6.5.1.1 (DNA ligase (ATP)) inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic joinase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic-joining enzyme inhibitors
  A sealase inhibitors
  A DNA-joining enzyme inhibitor
  A DNA repair enzyme inhibitors
  A DNA joinase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic acid repair enzyme inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic repair enzyme inhibitors
  A DNA ligase (ATP) (EC 6.5.1.1) inhibitor
  A EC 6.5.1.1 [DNA ligase (ATP)] inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic acid ligase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleate ligase inhibitors
  A DNA ligase (ATP) inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid ligase inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleate ligase inhibitor
  A DNA ligase (ATP) (EC 6.5.1.1) inhibitors
  A deoxyribonucleic joinase inhibitors
  A EC 6.5.1.1 (DNA ligase (ATP)) inhibitor
  A sealase inhibitor
  A deoxyribonucleic acid-joining enzyme inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63958
  A cellulose synthesis inhibitors
  A cellulose biosynthesis inhibitors
  A cellulose biosynthesis inhibitor
  A cellulose synthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_59517
  A DNA synthesis inhibitors
  A DNA synthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38496
  A electron transport chain inhibitors
  A ETC inhibitor
  A electron-transport chain inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50185
  A fatty acid synthesis inhibitors
  A fatty acid synthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_79386
  A glycerophosphoinositol synthesis inhibitors
  A GPI synthesis inhibitors
  A GPI synthesis inhibitor
  A glycerophosphoinositol synthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_48001
  A protein synthesis inhibitors
  A protein synthesis antagonists
  A protein synthesis antagonist
  A protein synthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_68543
  A pyrimidine synthesis inhibitors
  A pyrimidine synthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38497
  A respiratory-chain inhibitors
  A respiratory electron-transport chain inhibitor
  A respiratory chain inhibitor
  A respiratory-chain inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38502
  A cytochrome-bc1 inhibitor
  A cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitors
  A cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38503
  A NADH coenzyme Q1 reductase inhibitor
  A electron transfer complex I inhibitor
  A NADH-CoQ reductase inhibitor
  A mitochondrial electron transport complex I inhibitors
  A NADH2 dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) inhibitor
  A NADH-Q6 oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A NADH-ubiquinone reductase inhibitor
  A coenzyme Q reductase
  A NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.5.3 [NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating)] inhibitor
  A mitochondrial electron transport complex I inhibitor
  A reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide-coenzyme Q reductase inhibitors
  A NADH-CoQ oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A type 1 dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A complex I (mitochondrial electron transport) inhibitors
  A electron transfer complex I inhibitors
  A NADH-coenzyme Q reductase inhibitors
  A dihydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide-coenzyme Q reductase inhibitor
  A NADH-CoQ oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.5.3 inhibitors
  A NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) inhibitors
  A complex 1 dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A ubiquinone reductase inhibitor
  A NADH-coenzyme Q reductase inhibitor
  A NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) inhibitor
  A NADH-coenzyme Q oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase complex inhibitor
  A NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A NADH-ubiquinone-1 reductase inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.3 (NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating)) inhibitor
  A NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating) inhibitor
  A reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide-coenzyme Q reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.5.3 inhibitor
  A NADH-ubiquinone-1 reductase inhibitor
  A ubiquinone reductase inhibitors
  A NADH-CoQ reductase inhibitors
  A NADH coenzyme Q1 reductase inhibitors
  A NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor
  A NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating) inhibitors
  A NADH-ubiquinone reductase inhibitors
  A DPNH-coenzyme Q reductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.6.5.3 (NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating)) inhibitors
  A mitochondrial electron transport complex 1 inhibitor
  A DPNH-ubiquinone reductase inhibitor
  A complex I (NADH:Q1 oxidoreductase) inhibitors
  A type 1 dehydrogenase inhibitors
  A EC 1.6.5.3 [NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating)] inhibitors
  A NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H+-translocating) inhibitor
  A NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A complex I (electron transport chain) inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_25355
  A mitochondrial respiratory chain inhibitors
  A mitochondrial electron-transport chain inhibitor
  A mitochondrial electron transport chain inhibitors
  A mitochondrial respiratory-chain inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_20854
  A ATP synthase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38500
  A EC 1.9.3.1 (cytochrome c oxidase) inhibitors
  A cytochrome-c oxidase inhibitors
  A indophenolase inhibitors
  A indophenol oxidase inhibitor
  A ferrocytochrome c oxidase inhibitor
  A EC 1.9.3.1 (cytochrome c oxidase) inhibitor
  A NADH cytochrome c oxidase inhibitor
  A cytochrome a3 inhibitors
  A Warburg's respiratory enzyme inhibitors
  A cytochrome a3 inhibitor
  A indophenolase inhibitor
  A Warburg's respiratory enzyme inhibitor
  A EC 1.9.3.1 inhibitor
  A ferrocytochrome c oxidase inhibitors
  A cytochrome oxidase inhibitors
  A ferrocytochrome-c:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitors
  A mitochondrial complex IV inhibitor
  A cytochrome c oxidase (EC 1.9.3.1) inhibitors
  A indophenol oxidase inhibitors
  A complex IV (mitochondrial electron transport) inhibitor
  A NADH cytochrome c oxidase inhibitors
  A cytochrome c oxidase (EC 1.9.3.1) inhibitor
  A complex IV (mitochondrial electron transport) inhibitors
  A cytochrome aa3 inhibitors
  A mitochondrial cytochrome-c oxidase inhibitors
  A CcO inhibitor
  A cytochrome oxidase inhibitor
  A mitochondrial complex IV inhibitors
  A cytochrome c oxidase inhibitor
  A ferrocytochrome-c:oxygen oxidoreductase inhibitor
  A EC 1.9.3.1 inhibitors
  A cytochrome-c oxidase inhibitor
  A cytochrome aa3 inhibitor
  A cytochrome c oxidase inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_38499
  A mitochondrial complex III inhibitors
  A mitochondrial complex III inhibitor
  A mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_38498
  A mitochondrial complex I inhibitors
  A mitochondrial complex I inhibitor
  A mitochondrial NADH dehydrogenase inhibitor
  A mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50241
  A cholinesterase reactivators
  A cholinesterase reactivator
obo:CHEBI_62215
  A allelochemicals
  A allelochemical
obo:CHEBI_48887
  A bile salt metabolite
  A bile acid metabolites
  A bile acid metabolite
obo:CHEBI_75763
  A eukaryotic metabolites
  A eukaryotic metabolite
obo:CHEBI_78675
  A fundamental metabolites
  A essential metabolites
  A essential metabolite
  A fundamental metabolite
obo:CHEBI_82933
  A gut flora metabolites
  A gut flora metabolite
obo:CHEBI_78361
  A lichen metabolites
  A lichen metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76507
  A marine metabolites
  A marine metabolite
obo:CHEBI_75787
  A prokaryotic metabolites
  A prokaryotic metabolite
obo:CHEBI_27311
  A ethereal oil component
  A volatile oil component
  A essential oil components
  A ethereal oil components
  A essential oil component
  A volatile oil components
obo:CHEBI_76206
  A xenobiotic metabolites
  A xenobiotic metabolite
obo:CHEBI_84735
  A algal metabolites
  A algal metabolite
obo:CHEBI_75767
  A animal metabolites
  A animal metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76946
  A fungal metabolites
  A fungal metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76924
  A plant secondary metabolites
  A plant metabolites
  A plant metabolite
obo:CHEBI_83039
  A crustacean metabolites
  A crustacean metabolite
obo:CHEBI_75768
  A mammalian metabolites
  A mammalian metabolite
obo:CHEBI_78803
  A nematode metabolites
  A nematode metabolite
obo:CHEBI_83057
  A Daphnia metabolites
  A Daphnia metabolite
obo:CHEBI_83038
  A Daphnia galeata metabolites
  A Daphnia galeata metabolite
obo:CHEBI_83056
  A Daphnia magna metabolites
  A Daphnia magna metabolite
obo:CHEBI_83075
  A Daphnia pulex metabolites
  A Daphnia pulex metabolite
obo:CHEBI_83146
  A Daphnia tenebrosa metabolites
  A Daphnia tenebrosa metabolite
obo:CHEBI_77746
  A Homo sapiens metabolites
  A Homo sapiens metabolite
  A H. sapiens metabolites
  A H. sapiens metabolite
  A human metabolite
obo:CHEBI_75771
  A mouse metabolites
  A Mus musculus metabolites
  A Mus musculus metabolite
  A mouse metabolite
obo:CHEBI_137684
  A Papio hamadryas metabolites
  A P. hamadryas metabolites
  A P. hamadryas metabolite
  A Papio hamadryas metabolite
obo:CHEBI_86264
  A rat metabolites
  A Rattus norvegicus metabolites
  A Rattus norvegicus metabolite
  A rat metabolite
obo:CHEBI_85234
  A human blood serum metabolites
  A human blood serum metabolite
obo:CHEBI_84087
  A human urinary metabolites
  A human urinary metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76967
  A human xenobiotic metabolites
  A human xenobiotic metabolite
obo:CHEBI_49103
  A drug metabolites
  A drug metabolite
obo:CHEBI_78804
  A Caenorhabditis elegans metabolites
  A C. elegans metabolites
  A C. elegans metabolite
  A Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76956
  A Aspergillus metabolites
  A Aspergillus metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76960
  A Chaetomium metabolites
  A Chaetomium metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76968
  A fungal xenobiotic metabolites
  A fungal xenobiotic metabolite
obo:CHEBI_25442
  A mycotoxins
  A fungal toxins
  A mycotoxin
obo:CHEBI_76964
  A Penicillium metabolites
  A Penicillium metabolite
obo:CHEBI_75772
  A baker's yeast metabolites
  A S. cerevisiae secondary metabolites
  A S. cerevisiae metabolite
  A baker's yeast secondary metabolites
  A Saccharomyces cerevisiae secondary metabolites
  A Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite
  A S. cerevisiae secondary metabolite
  A baker's yeast secondary metabolite
  A baker's yeast metabolite
  A Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolites
  A S. cerevisiae metabolites
obo:CHEBI_64477
  A monolignols
  A monolignol
obo:CHEBI_76498
  A coral metabolites
  A coral metabolite
obo:CHEBI_78947
  A archaeal metabolites
  A archaeal metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76969
  A bacterial metabolite
obo:CHEBI_88048
  A cyanotoxins
  A cyanotoxin
obo:CHEBI_76971
  A Escherichia coli metabolites
  A E.coli metabolites
  A E.coli metabolite
  A Escherichia coli metabolite
obo:CHEBI_131604
  A Mycoplasma genitalium metabolites
  A Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite
obo:CHEBI_76973
  A Streptococcus pneumoniae secondary metabolites
  A S. pneumoniae secondary metabolite
  A Streptococcus pneumoniae metabolite
  A S. pneumoniae metabolites
  A Streptococcus pneumoniae metabolites
  A S. pneumoniae metabolite
  A S. pneumoniae secondary metabolites
obo:CHEBI_76976
  A bacterial xenobiotic metabolites
  A bacterial xenobiotic metabolite
obo:CHEBI_83399
  A marine xenobiotic metabolites
  A marine xenobiotic metabolite
obo:CHEBI_25078
  A luciferin
obo:CHEBI_25747
  A oxidized luciferins
obo:CHEBI_90415
  A insulin secretagogues
  A insulin secretagogue
obo:CHEBI_83612
  A hepatic steatosis inducing drugs
  A hepatic steatosis inducing drug
  A hepatic steatosis inducing agents
  A hepatic steatosis inducing agent
bao:BAO_0002023
  D "The role played by a protein in modulating immune cell function via cell signaling, subsequent to binding to its cognate cell surface receptor."
bao:BAO_0002024
  D "The role played by a protein in initiating cell division via cell signaling, subsequent to binding to its cognate cell surface receptor."
obo:CHEBI_26130
  A pigments
  A biological pigment
obo:CHEBI_75325
  A cathartics
  A cathartic
obo:CHEBI_74136
  A lachrymators
  A lachrymator
obo:CHEBI_38632
  A membrane transport modulators
  A membrane transport modulator
obo:CHEBI_78592
  A vesicants
  A blister agents
  A blister agent
  A vesicant
obo:CHEBI_38808
  A calcium channel modulators
  A calcium channel modulator
obo:CHEBI_66902
  A cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator potentiators
  A cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator potentiator
  A CFTR potentiators
  A CFTR potentiator
obo:CHEBI_50268
  A GABA modulators
  A GABA modulator
obo:CHEBI_38999
  A GABA-gated chloride channel antagonists
  A GABA-gated chloride channel antagonist
obo:CHEBI_50184
  A ion-transport inhibitors
  A ion-transport inhibitor
  A ion transport inhibitors
  A ion transport inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_24869
  A ionophores
  A ionophore
obo:CHEBI_50510
  A potassium channel modulator
obo:CHEBI_39000
  A sodium channel modulators
  A sodium channel modulator
obo:CHEBI_38807
  A calcium channel agonists
  A calcium channel activators
  A calcium channel activator
  A calcium channel agonist
obo:CHEBI_38215
  A calcium channel blockers
  A calcium channel antagonists
  A calcium channel antagonist
  A calcium channel blocker
obo:CHEBI_38809
  A ryanodine-sensitive calcium-release channel modulator
  A ryanodine-sensitive calcium channel modulator
  A ryanodine receptor modulators
  A RyR modulator
  A ryanodine receptor modulator
obo:CHEBI_67114
  A RyRs activator
  A RyRs agonist
  A ryanodine receptor activator
  A ryanodine receptor activators
  A RyR activators
  A RyR agonists
  A RyR activator
  A ryanodine receptor agonist
  A RyR agonist
obo:CHEBI_22986
  A calcium ionophores
  A calcium ionophore
obo:CHEBI_24874
  A iron ionophores
  A iron ionophore
obo:CHEBI_88227
  A potassium ionophores
  A potassium ionophore
obo:CHEBI_26672
  A siderophore
  A siderophores
  A ironophore
  A ferrioxamines
  A ferrioxamine
  A siderochromes
  A siderochrome
obo:CHEBI_26671
  A sideramines
  A sideramine
obo:CHEBI_50509
  A potassium channel blocker
obo:CHEBI_79085
  A potassium channel agonist
  A potassium channel opener
  A potassium channel activator
  A potassium channel openers
  A potassium channel agonists
  A potassium channel activators
obo:CHEBI_26413
  A pyrethroid insecticides
  A pyrethroid insecticide
obo:CHEBI_38633
  A sodium channel blockers
  A Na channel blocker
  A sodium channel blocker
obo:CHEBI_39116
  A pyrethroid ester insecticides
  A pyrethroid ester insecticide
obo:CHEBI_39351
  A pyrethroid ether insecticides
  A pyrethroid ether insecticide
obo:CHEBI_38634
  A voltage-dependent sodium channel blockers
  A Nav channel blockers
  A Nav channel blocker
  A voltage-gated sodium channel blocker
obo:CHEBI_39316
  A mite growth regulators
  A mite growth regulator
obo:CHEBI_63054
  A osteogenesis regulators
  A osteogenesis regulator
obo:CHEBI_26155
  A plant growth regulators
  A plant growth regulator
obo:CHEBI_22581
  A antiauxins
obo:CHEBI_133106
  A chemical hybridization agents
  A chemical hybridization agent
  A chemical hybridisation agents
  A chemical hybridisation agent
obo:CHEBI_24002
  A ethylene releasers
obo:CHEBI_35219
  A plant growth retardants
  A plant growth inhibitors
  A plant growth inhibitor
  A plant growth retardant
obo:CHEBI_26157
  A plant growth stimulators
  A plant growth stimulator
obo:CHEBI_70728
  A actin polymerization inhibitors
  A actin polymerization inhibitor
  A actin polymerisation inhibitors
  A actin polymerisation inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_68494
  A Type I cell-death inhibitor
  A apoptosis inhibitor
  A Type I cell-death inhibitors
  A Type I programmed cell-death inhibitor
  A Type I programmed cell-death inhibitors
  A apoptosis inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_133022
  A Bcl-2 inhibitors
  A Bcl-2 inhibitor
  A B-cell lymphoma 2 inhibitors
  A B-cell lymphoma 2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73189
  A brassinosteroid biosynthesis inhibitors
  A brassinosteroid biosynthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_137114
  A bromodomain-containing protein 4 inhibitors
  A BRD4 inhibitors
  A BRD4 inhibitor
  A bromodomain-containing protein 4 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_137692
  A Rho Inhibitor I
  A C3 exoenzyme
obo:CHEBI_72773
  A carotogenesis inhibitors
  A carotogenesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_49205
  A cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitor
  A CETP inhibitors
  A CETP inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_137747
  A C=12C(=CC(=CC1)Cl)N\C(\NC2=O)=C(\C)/C(C=3C=CC(=CC3Cl)Cl)=O
  A 381.641
  A 0
  A Ciliobrevin D
  A ZMPVJZXRLBRKAA-LZYBPNLTSA-N
  A C17H11Cl3N2O2
  A AAA+ ATPase motor cytoplasmic dynein inhibitor
  A InChI=1S/C17H11Cl3N2O2/c1-8(15(23)11-4-2-9(18)6-13(11)20)16-21-14-7-10(19)3-5-12(14)17(24)22-16/h2-7,21H,1H3,(H,22,24)/b16-8+
  A 379.989
  A 2-(7-chloro-4-oxo-3,4-dihydroquinazolin-2(1H)-ylidene)-3-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-oxopropanenitrile
obo:CHEBI_91085
  A collagen cross-linking inhibitors
  A collagen cross-linking inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_90961
  A extracellular signal-regulated kinase dimerisation inhibitors
  A extracellular signal-regulated kinase dimerisation inhibitor
  A ERK dimerisation inhibitors
  A ERK dimerisation inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_91025
  A erythropoietin inhibitors
  A EPO inhibitors
  A EPO inhibitor
  A erythropoietin inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_67195
  A gap junctional intercellular communication inhibitors
  A gap junctional intercellular communication inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73193
  A gibberellin biosynthesis inhibitors
  A gibberellin biosynthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_85425
  A glycine transporter inhibitors
  A glycine transporter inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_85185
  A hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor
  A NS5A inhibitor
  A NS5A inhibitors
  A nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor
  A nonstructural protein 5A inhibitors
  A hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_71168
  A HIV-1 maturation inhibitors
  A HIV-1 maturation inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_131791
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 trans-activator of transcription antagonists
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 trans-activator of transcription antagonist
  A HIV-1 Tat inhibitors
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 Tat antagonist
  A HIV-1 trans-activator of transcription antagonists
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 Tat antagonists
  A HIV-1 Tat inhibitor
  A HIV-1 Tat antagonist
  A HIV-1 trans-activator of transcription antagonist
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 Tat inhibitors
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 Tat inhibitor
  A HIV-1 Tat antagonists
obo:CHEBI_131561
  A hyaluronic acid synthesis inhibitors
  A HA synthesis inhibitor
  A hyaluronic acid inhibitor
  A hyaluronic acid inhibitors
  A HA inhibitors
  A HA inhibitor
  A hyaluronic acid synthesis inhibitor
  A HA synthesis inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_63146
  A insulin release inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_131509
  A lysine-specific demethylase 1A inhibitor
  A KDM1A inhibitor
  A lysine-specific histone demethylase 1A inhibitors
  A LSD1 inhibitors
  A lysine-specific demethylase 1A inhibitors
  A lysine-specific histone demethylase 1A inhibitor
  A KDM1A inhibitors
  A LSD1 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_91214
  A macrophage migration inhibitory factor inhibitors
  A MIF inhibitors
  A MIF inhibitor
  A macrophage migration inhibitory factor inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73240
  A nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells inhibitors
  A nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells inhibitor
  A NF-kappaB inhibitors
  A NF-kappaB inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_85180
  A nonnucleoside hepatitis C virus polymerase inhibitor
  A NS5B inhibitors
  A nonstructural protein 5B inhibitor
  A NS5B inhibitor
  A nonnucleoside hepatitis C virus polymerase inhibitors
  A nonstructural protein 5B inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_83799
  A HCV non-structural protein 5A inhibitor
  A NS5A replication complex inhibitors
  A NS5A inhibitors
  A nonstructural protein 5A inhibitors
  A nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor
  A NS5A replication complex inhibitor
  A HCV non-structural protein 5A inhibitors
  A NS5A inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_73267
  A oxidative phosphorylation inhibitors
  A oxidative phosphorylation inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_74352
  A quinol oxidation site inhibitors
  A QP site inhibitors
  A QP site inhibitor
  A quinol oxidation site inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_131789
  A runt-related transcription factor 1 inhibitor
  A CBFA2 inhibitor
  A core-binding factor subunit alpha2 inhibitor
  A core-binding factor subunit alpha-2 inhibitor
  A acute myeloid leukemia 1 protein inhibitors
  A AML1 inhibitor
  A core-binding factor subunit alpha2 inhibitors
  A AML1 inhibitors
  A acute myeloid leukemia 1 protein inhibitor
  A RUNX1 inhibitor
  A core-binding factor subunit alpha-2 inhibitors
  A CBFA2 inhibitors
  A runt-related transcription factor 1 inhibitors
  A RUNX1 inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_136651
  A S100B inhibitors
  A S100B inhibitor
  A S100 calcium-binding protein B inhibitors
  A S100 calcium-binding protein B inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_87588
  A Smad3 inhibitor
  A Smad3 inhibitors
  A SMAD family member 3 inhibitor
  A SMAD family member 3 inhibitors
  A Mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3 inhibitors
  A Mothers against decapentaplegic homologue 3 inhibitors
  A SMAD3 inhibitors
  A mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3 inhibitor
  A Mothers against decapentaplegic homologue 3 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63330
  A sodium-dependent inorganic phosphate transporter inhibitor
  A sodium-dependent inorganic phosphate cotransporter inhibitor
  A Na-Pi inhibitor
  A NPC inhibitor
  A sodium-dependent Pi-transporter inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_87183
  A signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 inhibitors
  A signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 inhibitor
  A STAT3 inhibitors
  A STAT3 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_83317
  A sterol biosynthesis inhibitors
  A sterol biosynthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63173
  A T-cell proliferation inhibitors
  A T-cell proliferation inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_131611
  A teichoic acid biosynthesis inhibitors
  A TarO inhibitors
  A TarO inhibitor
  A teichoic acid biosynthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_132608
  A melastatin 4 inhibitors
  A Transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily M member 4 inhibitor
  A TRPM4 channel inhibitors
  A melastatin 4 inhibitor
  A Transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily M member 4 inhibitors
  A TRPM4 channel inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_72483
  A vesicular glutamate transporter 1 inhibitors
  A vesicular glutamate transporter 1 inhibitor
  A vesicular glutamate transport inhibitors
  A vesicular glutamate transport inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78009
  A N-WASP inhibitor
  A WASP inhibitor
  A Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein inhibitor
  A Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein inhibitors
  A N-WASP inhibitors
  A WASP inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_78031
  A Wnt signalling inhibitors
  A Wnt signaling inhibitor
  A Wnt signaling inhibitors
  A Wnt-signaling inhibitor
  A Wnt-signalling inhibitor
  A Wnt signalling inhibitor
  A Wnt-signaling inhibitors
  A Wnt-signalling inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_64588
  A glycine transporter 1 inhibitors
  A GlyT1 inhibitors
  A GlyT1 inhibitor
  A glycine transporter 1 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_85424
  A glycine transporter 2 inhibitors
  A GlyT2 inhibitors
  A GlyT2 inhibitor
  A glycine transporter 2 inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_75282
  A ergosterol biosynthesis inhibitors
  A ergosterol biosynthesis inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_24621
  A hormones
  A endocrine
  A hormone
obo:CHEBI_25512
  A neurotransmitters
  A neurotransmitter
obo:CHEBI_26645
  A semiochemicals
  A semiochemical
obo:CHEBI_62488
  A signalling molecule
  A signaling molecules
  A signal molecules
  A signaling molecule
  A signal molecule
  A signalling molecules
obo:CHEBI_36413
  A anabolic agent
obo:CHEBI_37845
  A growth hormones
  A Wachstumshormon
  A Somatotropin
  A GH
  A growth hormone
obo:CHEBI_37848
  A phytohormones
  A phytohormone
  A plant growth factor
  A plant hormone
  A plant growth factors
  A plant growth hormones
  A plant hormones
  A plant growth hormone
obo:CHEBI_50112
  A sex hormone
  A sex hormones
  A Geschlechtshormon
  A Sexualhormone
  A Sexualhormon
  A Geschlechtshormone
  A hormone sexuelle
  A hormones sexuelles
obo:CHEBI_60311
  A thyroid hormones
  A thyroid hormone
obo:CHEBI_22676
  A auxins
  A auxin
obo:CHEBI_23530
  A cytokinin
obo:CHEBI_24937
  A jasmonates
obo:CHEBI_26841
  A synthetic auxins
  A synthetic auxin
obo:CHEBI_50113
  A androgeno
  A androgen
  A androgenos
  A Androgen
  A androgens
  A androgene
  A Androgene
  A androgenes
obo:CHEBI_50114
  A estrogeno
  A oestrogens
  A Oestrogene
  A estrogenes Hormon
  A estrogen
  A oestrogene
  A estrogens
  A estrogene
  A Estrogene
  A oestrogen
  A oestrogenes
  A estrogenes
  A estrogenos
  A Oestrogen
obo:CHEBI_50745
  A progestogen
  A progestogens
  A gestagens
  A progestagen
  A gestagen
  A progestagens
obo:CHEBI_76990
  A mycoestrogens
  A mycoestrogen
obo:CHEBI_76989
  A phytoestrogens
  A phytoestrogen
obo:CHEBI_76988
  A xenoestrogens
  A xenoestrogen
obo:CHEBI_59826
  A progestins
  A progestin
obo:CHEBI_83074
  A kairomones
  A kairomone
obo:CHEBI_26013
  A pheromones
  A pheromone
  A feromone
  A ectohormone
obo:CHEBI_72575
  A alarm pheromone
  A alarm signal
  A alarm substances
  A alarm substance
  A alarm pheromones
  A alarm signals
obo:CHEBI_71338
  A autoinducers
  A autoinducer
obo:CHEBI_23366
  A compatible osmolytes
obo:CHEBI_48705
  A agonists
  A agoniste
  A agonista
  A agonist
obo:CHEBI_35480
  A analgesic
obo:CHEBI_48706
  A antagonists
  A antagoniste
  A antagonista
  A antagonist
obo:CHEBI_74518
  A anti-obestic agents
  A anti-obestic agent
  A anti-obesity agents
  A anti-obesity agent
obo:CHEBI_64911
  A mitotic inhibitors
  A mitotic inhibitor
  A mitosis inhibitor
  A antimitotic
  A antimitotics
  A mitosis inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_90847
  A inverse agonists
  A inverse agonist
obo:CHEBI_70781
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor modulators
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor modulator
  A PPAR modulator
obo:CHEBI_78926
  A survivin modulators
  A survivin modulator
  A survivin dimerisation modulators
  A survivin dimerisation modulator
obo:CHEBI_60832
  A tubulin modulators
  A tubulin modulator
obo:CHEBI_73191
  A abscisic acid receptor agonist
  A ABA agonists
  A ABA agonist
  A abscisic acid receptor agonists
  A ABA receptor agonists
  A ABA receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_73311
  A adenosine receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_78548
  A adenylyl cyclase agonists
  A adenylyl cyclase agonist
  A adenylate cyclase agonists
  A adenylate cyclase agonist
obo:CHEBI_64102
  A quisqualate receptor agonist
  A alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptor agonist
  A AMPAR agonist
  A AMPA receptor agonists
  A AMPA receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_77326
  A CAR agonists
  A CAR agonist
  A androstane receptor agonists
  A androstane receptor agonist
  A constitutive androstane receptor agonist
  A constitutive androstane receptor agonists
obo:CHEBI_72768
  A AHR agonists
  A aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist
  A AhR agonist
  A AHR agonist
  A AhR agonists
  A aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonists
obo:CHEBI_77495
  A bradykinin receptor agonists
  A bradykinin receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_67072
  A cannabinoid receptor agonists
  A cannabinoid receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_137401
  A TRPV1 agonist
  A capsaicin agonists
  A vanilloid receptor 1 agonists
  A transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 agonist
  A capsaicin receptor agonist
  A capsaicin receptor agonists
  A transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 agonists
  A TRPV1 agonists
  A capsaicin agonist
  A vanilloid receptor 1 agonist
obo:CHEBI_91139
  A elastin-laminin receptor agonists
  A ELR agonists
  A ELR agonist
  A elastin-laminin receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_66894
  A erythropoiesis-stimulating agents
  A erythropoiesis-stimulating agent
  A erythropeotin receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_63951
  A estrogen receptor agonists
  A estrogen receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_132972
  A FXR agonist
  A bile acid receptor agonists
  A farnesoid X receptor agonist
  A BAR agonists
  A BAR agonist
  A FXR agonists
  A bile acid receptor agonist
  A farnesoid X receptor agonists
obo:CHEBI_131495
  A formyl peptide receptor agonists
  A FPR agonists
  A FPR agonist
  A formyl peptide receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_70998
  A GPCR agonists
  A GPCR agonist
  A G-protein-coupled receptor agonists
  A G-protein-coupled receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_71196
  A glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists
  A GLP-1 receptor agonists
  A GLP-1 receptor agonist
  A glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_72311
  A glucagon-like peptide-2 receptor agonists
  A GLP-2 receptor agonists
  A GLP-2 receptor agonist
  A glucagon-like peptide-2 receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_63562
  A glucocorticoid receptor agonists
  A glucocorticoid receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_64589
  A glycine receptor agonists
  A glycine receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_68553
  A guanylate cyclase 2C agonists
  A GC-C agonists
  A GC-C agonist
  A guanylate cyclase 2C agonist
obo:CHEBI_51060
  A hormone agonist
obo:CHEBI_64338
  A ATP-sensitive K+ channel opener
  A ATP-sensitive K+ channel agonist
  A K-ATP channel agonist
  A K(ATP) channel agonist
  A ATP-sensitive K+ channel openers
  A K-ATP channel agonists
  A ATP-sensitive K+ channel agonists
  A ATP-sensitive K(+) channel agonists
  A ATP-sensitive K(+) channel agonist
  A K(ATP) channel agonists
obo:CHEBI_86029
  A liver X receptor agonists
  A LXR agonists
  A LXR agonist
  A liver X receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_65254
  A NR5A2 agonists
  A liver receptor homologue-1 agonists
  A LRH-1 agonists
  A liver receptor homologue-1 agonist
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 5 group A member 2 agonist
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 5 group A member 2 agonists
  A NR5A2 agonist
  A LRH-1 agonist
obo:CHEBI_79046
  A melatonin receptor agonists
  A melatonin receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_61966
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor agonists
  A mGluRs agonist
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_62873
  A odorant receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_53142
  A P2Y2 receptor agonists
  A P2Y2 receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_75414
  A platelet-activating factor receptor agonists
  A platelet-activating factor receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_70782
  A PPARalpha agonists
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha agonists
  A PPAR-alpha agonists
  A PPAR-alpha agonist
  A PPARalpha agonist
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha agonist
obo:CHEBI_71554
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma agonist
  A PPARgamma agonist
  A PPARgamma agonists
  A PPAR-gamma agonist
  A PPAR-gamma agonists
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma agonists
obo:CHEBI_77318
  A pregnane X receptor agonists
  A PXR agonists
  A PXR agonist
  A pregnane X receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_90845
  A IP1 agonist
  A IP receptor agonists
  A prostacyclin receptor I2 agonist
  A prostacyclin receptor agonists
  A IP1 agonists
  A prostacyclin receptor agonist
  A prostacyclin receptor I2 agonists
  A IP receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_66900
  A prostaglandin receptor agonists
  A prostaglandin receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_64106
  A protein kinase agonists
  A protein kinase agonist
obo:CHEBI_67198
  A retinoic acid receptor agonists
  A retinoic acid receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_63794
  A retinoid X receptor agonists
  A retinoid X receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_131809
  A SMO receptor agonist
  A SMO receptor agonists
  A smoothened agonist
  A smoothened receptor agonist
  A smoothened agonists
  A smoothened receptor agonists
obo:CHEBI_63114
  A S1P receptor agonist
  A sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor agonists
  A S1P receptor agonists
  A sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor agonist
  A sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor agonists
  A EDG receptor agonist
  A SIP agonist
  A sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor agonist
  A SIP agonists
obo:CHEBI_85012
  A thrombopoietin receptor agonists
  A TPO receptor agonists
  A TPO receptor agonist
  A thrombopoietin receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_77161
  A TLR-2 agonists
  A Toll-like receptor-2 agonists
  A Toll-like receptor 2 agonist
  A TLR 2 agonists
  A Toll-like receptor-2 agonist
  A TLR 2 agonist
  A TLR-2 agonist
  A Toll-like receptor 2 agonists
obo:CHEBI_137514
  A TRPA1 channel agonist
  A TRPA1 channel agonists
  A transient receptor potential cation channel A1 agonists
  A transient receptor potential ankyrin 1 agonists
  A transient receptor potential cation channel A1 agonist
  A transient receptor potential ankyrin 1 agonist
obo:CHEBI_65057
  A adenosine A1 receptor agonists
  A adenosine A1 receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_73310
  A adenosine A2A receptor agonist
  A A2A receptor agonist
  A A2A agonist
  A adenosine A2A receptor agonists
  A A2A agonists
  A A2A receptor agonists
obo:CHEBI_131359
  A adenosine A2B receptor agonists
  A A2B agonist
  A A2B receptor agonist
  A A2B agonists
  A A2B receptor agonists
  A adenosine A2B receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_73319
  A A3 agonists
  A adenosine A3 receptor agonist
  A A3 agonist
  A adenosine A3 receptor agonists
  A A3 receptor agonists
  A A3 receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_77496
  A B2 receptor agonists
  A B2R agonist
  A bradykinin receptor B2 agonists
  A B2R agonists
  A B2 receptor agonist
  A bradykinin receptor B2 agonist
obo:CHEBI_63533
  A GnRH agonist
  A gonadotrophin releasing hormone agonist
  A GnRH-A
  A gonadotrophin releasing hormone agonists
  A gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist
  A GnRH agonists
  A gonadotropin releasing hormone agonists
obo:CHEBI_70709
  A progesterone receptor agonists
  A PR agonists
  A PR agonist
  A progesterone receptor agonist
obo:CHEBI_73334
  A thyromimetics
  A thyroid hormone agonists
  A thyroid hormone agonist
obo:CHEBI_59727
  A arginine vasopressin receptor agonists
  A vasopressin receptor agonist
  A antidiuretic hormone agonists
  A arginine vasopressin receptor agonist
  A vasopressin receptor agonists
  A antidiuretic hormone agonist
  A argipressin receptor agonist
  A argipressin receptor agonists
obo:CHEBI_78547
  A protein kinase A agonists
  A protein kinase A agonist
obo:CHEBI_64018
  A protein kinase C agonists
  A protein kinase C agonist
obo:CHEBI_64105
  A protein kinase G agonists
  A protein kinase G agonist
obo:CHEBI_50741
  A RAR alpha/beta agonist
  A retinoic acid receptor alpha/beta agonist
obo:CHEBI_90742
  A RAR beta agonists
  A RARbeta agonist
  A RAR beta agonist
  A RARbeta agonists
  A retinoic acid receptor beta agonists
  A retinoic acid receptor beta agonist
obo:CHEBI_88336
  A RARgamma agonists
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group B, member 3 agonist
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group B, member 3 agonists
  A RARgamma agonist
  A retinoic acid receptor gamma agonist
  A NR1B3 agonists
  A NR1B3 agonist
  A retinoic acid receptor gamma agonists
obo:CHEBI_35481
  A non-narcotic analgesic
obo:CHEBI_35482
  A opioid analgesic
  A narcotic
  A narcotic analgesics
  A narcotic analgesic
  A narcotics
  A opioid analgesics
obo:CHEBI_71232
  A adenosine receptor antagonists
  A adenosine receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_63936
  A alpha1B-adrenoceptor antagonists
  A alpha1B-adrenoceptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_71014
  A alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptor antagonists
  A alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptor antagonist
  A AMPA receptor antagonists
  A AMPA receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_67199
  A activator protein-1 antagonists
  A activator protein-1 antagonist
  A AP-1 antagonists
  A AP-1 antagonist
obo:CHEBI_76998
  A AhR receptor antagonists
  A aryl hydrocarbon receptor antagonists
  A AhR receptor antagonist
  A AhR antagonists
  A aryl hydrocarbon receptor antagonist
  A AhR antagonist
obo:CHEBI_78623
  A BMP antagonists
  A bone morphogenetic protein antagonists
  A bone morphogenetic protein receptor inhibitors
  A bone morphogenetic protein inhibitor
  A BMP antagonist
  A BMP receptor inhibitor
  A bone morphogenetic protein receptor antagonist
  A BMP receptor inhibitors
obo:CHEBI_68557
  A bradykinin receptor antagonists
  A bradykinin receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_130181
  A calmodulin antagonist
obo:CHEBI_73413
  A cannabinoid receptor antagonists
  A cannabinoid receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_70774
  A vanilloid receptor 1 antagonist
  A TrpV1 antagonist
  A capsaicin antagonists
  A TRPV1 antagonist
  A vanilloid receptor 1 antagonists
  A capsaicin antagonist
  A transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 antagonists
  A capsaicin receptor antagonist
  A TRPV1 antagonists
  A capsaicin receptor antagonists
  A transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 antagonist
  A TrpV1 antagonists
obo:CHEBI_63673
  A CCR5 antagonist
  A chemokine receptor 5 antagonist
  A CCR-5 antagonists
  A chemokine receptor 5 antagonists
  A CCR-5 antagonist
  A CCR5 antagonists
obo:CHEBI_131787
  A D2R antagonist
  A D2 receptor antagonist
  A dopamine receptor D2 antagonist
obo:CHEBI_74440
  A EGFR antagonoists
  A EGFR antagonoist
  A epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors
  A EGFR inhibitor
  A epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor
  A EGFR inhibitors
  A epidermal growth factor receptor antagonists
  A epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_50792
  A estrogen receptor antagonists
  A estrogen receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_60798
  A excitatory amino acid receptor antagonist
  A excitatory amino acid antagonists
  A EAA receptor antagonists
  A excitatory amino acid receptor antagonists
  A excitatory amino acid antagonist
  A EAA receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_63457
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor inhibitors
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonists
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist
  A FGFR inhibitor
  A FGFR inhibitors
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_88295
  A GPCR antagonists
  A GPCR antagonist
  A G-protein-coupled receptor antagonists
  A G-protein-coupled receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_65259
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor antagonists
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor antagonist
  A GABA antagonists
  A GABA antagonist
obo:CHEBI_82891
  A glucocorticoid receptor antagonists
  A glucocorticoid receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_62754
  A glycine receptor antagonists
  A glycine receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_49020
  A hormone antagonists
  A hormone antagonist
obo:CHEBI_75252
  A insulin-like growth factor receptor 1 antagonists
  A IGF-1R antagonists
  A IGF-1R antagonist
  A insulin-like growth factor receptor 1 antagonist
obo:CHEBI_131186
  A inositol trisphosphate receptor antagonists
  A IP3 antagonist
  A inositol trisphosphate receptor antagonist
  A IP3 receptor antagonist
  A IP3 antagonists
  A D-myo-inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor antagonists
  A D-myo-inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor antagonist
  A IP3 receptor
  A InsP3R antagonists
  A InsP3R antagonist
obo:CHEBI_136580
  A liver receptor homologue-1 agonist
  A NR5A2 agonists
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 5 group A member 2 antagonist
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 5 group A member 2 antagonists
  A liver receptor homologue-1 agonists
  A NR5A2 agonist
  A LRH-1 antagonist
  A LRH-1 antagonists
obo:CHEBI_133024
  A lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 antagonists
  A LFA-1 antagonists
  A LFA-1 antagonist
  A lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 antagonist
obo:CHEBI_91193
  A lysophosphatidic acid receptor antagonist
  A LPA receptor antagonists
  A LPAR antagonists
  A lysophosphatidic acid receptor antagonists
  A LPAR antagonist
  A LPA receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_131790
  A melatonin receptor antagonists
  A melatonin receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_63963
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor antagonists
  A mGluR antagonists
  A mGluR antagonist
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_55350
  A NK-1 receptor antagonists
  A NK-1 receptor antagonist
  A NK1 receptor antagonist
  A NK1 receptor antagonists
  A neurokinin-1 receptor antagonists
  A neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_133878
  A neuropeptide Y receptor antagonists
  A neuropeptide Y receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_76531
  A odorant receptor blockers
  A odorant receptor blocker
  A odorant receptor antagonists
  A odorant receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_83296
  A orexin receptor antagonists
  A orexin receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_134182
  A platelet-activating factor receptor antagonists
  A PAF antagonists
  A PAF antagonist
  A platelet-activating factor receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_83313
  A protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist
  A protease-activated receptor-1 antagonists
  A PAR-1 antagonists
  A thrombin receptor antagonists
  A PAR-1 antagonist
  A thrombin receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_91079
  A non-selective P2 purinergic antagonist
  A purinergic receptor P2 antagonist
  A purinergic receptor P2 antagonists
  A non-selective P2 purinergic antagonists
  A P2 antagonist
  A P2 antagonists
obo:CHEBI_90714
  A retinoic acid receptor antagonists
  A RAR antagonists
  A RAR antagonist
  A retinoic acid receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_66908
  A smoothened antagonists
  A smoothened antagonist
  A SMO receptor antagonists
  A smoothened receptor antagonists
  A smoothened receptor antagonist
  A SMO receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_55351
  A substance P receptor antagonists
  A substance P receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_85540
  A TXA2/PGH2 antagonists
  A thromboxane A2 receptor antagonists
  A TXA2/PGH2 receptor antagonist
  A TXA2/PGH2 receptor antagonists
  A thromboxane A2 receptor antagonist
  A TXA2/PGH2 antagonist
  A thromboxane A2 antagonist
  A thromboxane A2 antagonists
obo:CHEBI_78681
  A tropomyosin-related kinase B receptor antagonists
  A TrkB receptor antagonists
  A TrkB receptor antagonist
  A tropomyosin-related kinase B receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_65207
  A vascular endothelial growth factor receptor inhibitor
  A vascular endothelial growth factor receptor inhibitors
  A vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonists
  A VEGF receptor inhibitors
  A vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist
  A VEGFR inhibitors
  A VEGFR inhibitor
  A VEGF receptor inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_78248
  A vitamin B1 antagonists
  A vitamin B1 antagonist
obo:CHEBI_55347
  A vitamin K antagonists
  A vitamin K antagonist
obo:CHEBI_63957
  A adenosine A1 receptor antagonists
  A adenosine A1 receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_53121
  A adenosine A2A receptor antagonists
  A adenosine A2A receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_70725
  A adenosine A3 receptor antagonistS
  A adenosine A3 receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_73416
  A CB1 receptor antagonist
  A CB1R antagonist
  A CB1 receptor antagonists
  A type 1 cannabinoid receptor antagonist
  A CB1R antagonists
  A type 1 cannabinoid receptor antagonists
  A cannabinoid receptor type 1 antagonist
  A cannabinoid receptor type 1 antagonists
obo:CHEBI_73417
  A CB2 receptor antagonist
  A CB2R antagonists
  A CB2 receptor antagonists
  A CB2R antagonist
  A type 2 cannabinoid receptor antagonists
  A cannabinoid receptor type 2 antagonists
  A cannabinoid receptor type 2 antagonist
  A type 2 cannabinoid receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_60643
  A NMDAR antagonists
  A N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonists
  A N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist
  A NMDAR antagonist
  A NMDA receptor antagonists
  A NMDA receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_35497
  A antiandrogen
  A androgen antagonist
obo:CHEBI_61016
  A angiotensin receptor antagonists
  A angiotensin receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_50843
  A antimineralocorticoid
obo:CHEBI_50827
  A antiparathyroid drugs
  A antiparathyroid agents
  A antiparathyroid agent
  A antiparathyroid drug
obo:CHEBI_50671
  A antithyroid drugs
  A antithyroid agents
  A antithyroid agent
  A antithyroid drug
obo:CHEBI_73296
  A cholecystokinin antagonists
  A CCK antagonists
  A CCK antagonist
  A cholecystokinin antagonist
obo:CHEBI_76977
  A corticotropin-releasing factor receptor antagonists
  A CRF antagonists
  A CRF antagonist
  A corticotropin-releasing factor receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_51451
  A ERA
  A endothelin receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_50837
  A oestrogen antagonist
  A estrogen antagonist
obo:CHEBI_60649
  A glucagon receptor antagonists
  A glucagon receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_59229
  A gonadotrophin-releasing hormone antagonists
  A gonadotrophin-releasing hormone antagonist
  A GnRH antagonists
  A GnRH antagonist
obo:CHEBI_49159
  A leukotriene receptor antagonists
  A leukotriene receptor antagonist
  A leukotriene antagonists
  A LTRA
  A leukotriene antagonist
obo:CHEBI_49023
  A prostaglandin inhibitor
  A prostaglandin antagonist
obo:CHEBI_59680
  A antidiuretic hormone inhibitors
  A argipressin receptor antagonists
  A argipressin receptor antagonist
  A vasopressin receptor antagonists
  A vasopressin receptor antagonist
  A arginine vasopressin receptor antagonists
  A arginine vasopressin receptor antagonist
  A antidiuretic hormone inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_50844
  A aldosterone antagonist
obo:CHEBI_51452
  A endothelin A receptor antagonist
obo:CHEBI_68563
  A P2Y12 receptor antagonist
  A purinergic receptor subtype P2Y12 antagonists
  A ADP receptor subtype P2Y12 antagonist
  A ADP receptor subtype P2Y12 antagonists
  A purinergic receptor subtype P2Y12 antagonist
  A P2Y12 receptor antagonists
obo:CHEBI_91081
  A purinergic receptor P2X antagonists
  A P2X antagonists
  A P2X antagonist
  A purinergic receptor P2X antagonist
obo:CHEBI_90713
  A retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonists
  A RAR alpha antagonist
  A retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonist
  A RARalpha antagonist
  A RAR alpha antagonists
  A RARalpha antagonists
obo:CHEBI_90744
  A retinoic acid receptor gamma antagonist
  A RAR gamma antagonist
  A RARgamma antagonists
  A RAR gamma antagonists
  A RARgamma antagonist
  A retinoic acid receptor gamma antagonists
obo:CHEBI_133016
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine 2A receptor inverse agonists
  A 5HT(2A) inverse agonist
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine (2A) receptor inverse agonists
  A 5HT2Ainverse agonist
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine (2A) receptor inverse agonist
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine 2A receptor inverse agonist
  A 5HT2A inverse agonists
  A 5HT(2A) inverse agonists
obo:CHEBI_90846
  A liver X receptor inverse agonists
  A LXR inverse agonists
  A LXR inverse agonist
  A liver X receptor inverse agonist
obo:CHEBI_73730
  A PPARbeta agonists
  A PPARD receptor agonist
  A PPARdelta agonists
  A PPARbeta/delta agonist
  A PPARD receptor agonists
  A PPAR-beta/delta agonists
  A PPAR-delta agonists
  A PPAR-beta/delta agonist
  A PPARbeta/delta agonists
  A PPARbeta agonist
  A PPAR(beta/delta) agonists
  A PPAR-beta agonist
  A PPARD agonist
  A NR1C2 agonist
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group C, member 2 agonists
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-delta agonist
  A PPAR-delta agonist
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-beta agonists
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-delta agonists
  A peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-beta agonist
  A PPARdelta agonist
  A PPAR(beta/delta) agonist
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group C, member 2 agonist
  A PPAR-beta agonists
  A NR1C2 agonists
  A PPARD agonists
obo:CHEBI_61951
  A microtubule destabilising agent
  A microtubule-destabilising agent
  A microtubule-destabilising agents
  A microtubule-destabilizing agent
  A microtubule-destabilizing agents
  A microtubule destabilising role
  A microtubule destabilizing role
  A microtubule destabilising agents
obo:CHEBI_61950
  A microtubule-stabilizing agent
  A microtubule stabilising agent
  A microtubule-stabilising agent
  A microtubule stabilizing agent
  A microtubule-stabilising agents
  A microtubule stabilizing role
  A microtubule stabilising role
  A microtubule stabilizing agents
obo:CHEBI_33290
  A foodstuffs
  A foodstuff
  A foods
  A food
obo:CHEBI_78295
  A food components
  A dietary components
  A dietary component
  A food component
obo:CHEBI_33284
  A nutrients
  A nutrient
obo:CHEBI_33229
  A vitamina
  A vitaminum
  A vitaminas
  A vitamins
  A vitamine
  A vitamines
  A vitamin
  A Vitamin
obo:CHEBI_33937
  A macronutrients
  A macronutrient
obo:CHEBI_27027
  A trace elements
  A micronutrients
  A micronutrient
obo:CHEBI_24020
  A fettloesliche Vitamine
  A fat-soluble vitamins
  A fat-soluble vitamin
obo:CHEBI_27314
  A water-soluble vitamins
  A wasserloesliche Vitamine
  A water-soluble vitamin
obo:CHEBI_75769
  A B vitamins
  A B vitamin
  A B-group vitamins
  A B-group vitamin
  A vitamin B
obo:CHEBI_21241
  A Vitamin C
  A vitamin C
  A vitaminum C
  A vitamina C
  A vitamine C
obo:CHEBI_61015
  A nephrotoxins
  A nephrotoxin
obo:CHEBI_50910
  A neurotoxins
  A agente neurotoxico
  A nerve poisons
  A neurotoxin
  A neurotoxic agent
  A neurotoxic agents
  A neurotoxicant
  A nerve poison
obo:CHEBI_27026
  A toxins
  A toxin
obo:CHEBI_38231
  A phytotoxins
  A phytotoxin
obo:CHEBI_64584
  A uremic toxins
  A uremic toxin
obo:CHEBI_78505
  A venoms
  A venom
obo:CHEBI_72316
  A virulence factors
  A virulence factor
obo:CHEBI_26115
  A phytoalexins
  A phytoalexin
obo:CHEBI_67200
  A provitamin As
  A provitamin A
obo:CHEBI_72470
  A provitamin B1s
  A provitamin B1
obo:CHEBI_26842
  A systemic acquired resistance inducing compounds
obo:CHEBI_27334
  A xenobiotic organic ethers
obo:CHEBI_15339
  A Acceptor
  A acceptor
  A accepteur
  A Akzeptor
  A Hydrogen-acceptor
  A Oxidized donor
  A A
obo:CHEBI_37527
  A acids
  A acide
  A Saeuren
  A Saeure
  A Acid
  A acido
  A an acid
  A acid
bao:BAO_0002088
  D "The role of a molecular entity to bring about an increase of a predefined stimulus in an assay."
obo:CHEBI_22586
  A antoxidant
  A antioxydant
  A antioxidants
  A antioxidant
obo:CHEBI_22695
  A base
  A Base2
  A Nucleobase
  A Basen
  A bases
  A Base
  A Base1
obo:CHEBI_35225
  A buffer compounds
  A buffer compound
  A buffer
bao:BAO_0002093
  D "Role of a protein in the transport of ions, small molecules, or macromolecules across a semi-permeable membrane, such as plasma membrane."
obo:CHEBI_35223
  A catalyst
  A catalyseur
  A catalizador
  A Katalysator
obo:CHEBI_53431
  A chain carriers
  A chain carrier
bao:BAO_0002085
  D "The role of a chemical entity to bind inside the pore of a specific type of ion channel and block the flow of ions through it, resulting in an alteration of the electrochemical gradient of the cell membrane."
obo:CHEBI_91015
  A corrosion inhibitors
  A corrosion inhibitor
obo:CHEBI_63064
  A crystallization adjutants
  A crystallization adjutant
  A crystallisation adjutants
  A crystallisation adjutant
obo:CHEBI_50907
  A deaminating agent
bao:BAO_0002098
  D "The role of a molecular entity (e.g., barium chloride, acetylcholine) to change a cell's membrane potential, making it more positive."
obo:CHEBI_17891
  A donor
  A donneur
  A Donor
  A Donator
obo:CHEBI_63046
  A emulsifiers
  A emulgents
  A emulgent
  A emulsifier
obo:CHEBI_78298
  A environmental contaminants
  A environmental contaminant
obo:CHEBI_63490
  A explosive compound
  A explosive material
  A explosive compounds
  A explosive
  A explosives
  A explosives chemicals
  A explosives chemical
obo:CHEBI_63908
  A film-forming compounds
  A film-forming agents
  A film-forming agent
  A film-forming compound
obo:CHEBI_76648
  A fluorescence quenchers
  A fluorescence quencher
obo:CHEBI_62803
  A fuel enhancer
  A fuel additives
  A fuel additive
obo:CHEBI_76413
  A greenhouse gases
  A greenhouse gas
bao:BAO_0003058
  D "The role of a molecular entity to initiate a biological process. E.g., interferon-gamma has an inducer role in STAT-1 mediated transcriptional activation of cells."
obo:CHEBI_52214
  A ligands
  A ligand
obo:CHEBI_63248
  A oxidising agent
  A oxidizing agents
  A oxidisers
  A oxidiser
  A oxidizer
  A oxidising agents
  A oxidizing agent
  A oxidizers
  A oxidant
  A oxidants
obo:CHEBI_52215
  A photochemical roles
  A photochemical role
obo:CHEBI_74236
  A polymerization monomer
  A polymerisation monomer
bao:BAO_0003060
  D "The role of a molecular entity as a known activator of a target/pathway, added prior to screening the compounds for selective inhibitor indications (e.g., forskolin is a potentiator for Gi/o pathway of G-proteins)."
obo:CHEBI_64297
  A chemical intermediate
  A reaction intermediate
obo:CHEBI_70982
  A reactive oxygen species generators
  A ROS generators
  A ROS generator
  A reactive oxygen species generator
obo:CHEBI_63247
  A reductant
  A reductants
  A reducers
  A reducing agents
  A reducer
  A reducing agent
bao:BAO_0002092
  D "The role of a small molecule to act as a standard in a particular assay type, e.g., 1,4-Dioxane (for NMR), Cediranib (for Kinomescan)."
bao:BAO_0003062
  D "The role of a compound to increase or decrease the ability of a cell to respond to its signaling molecule."
obo:CHEBI_46787
  A solvents
  A solvant
  A Loesungsmittel
  A solvent
obo:CHEBI_77521
  A thermal degradation products
  A thermal artefacts
  A thermal artefact
  A thermal degradation product
bao:BAO_0002105
  D "The role of a molecular entity of mediating the introduction of a foreign nucleic acid into cells, e.g., Lipofectamine 2000, Fugene 6, etc."
obo:CHEBI_17654
  A oxidized donor
  A electron acceptor
  A Oxidized donor
  A Elektronenakzeptor
obo:CHEBI_39143
  A electron-pair acceptor
  A Lewis-Saeure
  A Lewis acid
  A accepteur d'une paire d'electrons
  A electron acceptor
  A acide de Lewis
obo:CHEBI_13193
  A R
  A A
  A hydrogen acceptor
obo:CHEBI_59739
  A electrophilic reagents
  A electrophiles
  A electrophile
  A electrophilic reagent
obo:CHEBI_77962
  A food antioxidants
  A food antioxidant
obo:CHEBI_48578
  A free-radical scavenger
  A free radical scavengers
  A radical scavenger
obo:CHEBI_39142
  A hydron acceptor
  A base de Bronsted
  A accepteur d'hydron
  A Bronsted-Base
  A Bronsted base
obo:CHEBI_39011
  A Good's buffers
  A Good's buffer
  A Good buffer substance
  A Good's buffer substance
obo:CHEBI_63060
  A phase-transfer catalysts
  A phase transfer catalysts
  A phase transfer catalyst
  A PTC
  A phase-transfer catalyst
bao:BAO_0003066
  D "A chemical entity that has the role of depolarization, which is to make the cell's membrane potential more negative."
obo:CHEBI_62049
  A acyl donor
obo:CHEBI_39141
  A acide de Bronsted
  A Bronsted-Saeure
  A Bronsted acid
  A donneur d'hydron
  A hydron donor
obo:CHEBI_15022
  A electron donor
  A donneur d'electron
  A Elektronendonator
obo:CHEBI_39144
  A base de Lewis
  A electron donor
  A Lewis base
  A Lewis-Base
  A donneur d'une paire d'electrons
obo:CHEBI_50566
  A nitric oxide generators
  A nitric oxide releasing agents
  A NO generators
  A NO releasing agents
  A NO donors
  A NO releasing agent
  A nitric oxide donors
  A nitric oxide releasing agent
  A NO generator
  A NO donor
  A nitric oxide donor
obo:CHEBI_17499
  A Hydrogen-donor
  A AH2
  A RH2
  A hydrogen donor
  A Donor
  A Reduced acceptor
obo:CHEBI_59740
  A nucleophilic reagents
  A nucleophiles
  A nucleophile
  A nucleophilic reagent
obo:CHEBI_63047
  A food emulsifiers
  A food emulsifier
obo:CHEBI_35195
  A surfactants
  A surfactant
  A surface active agent
obo:CHEBI_59941
  A amphiphiles
  A amphiphile
obo:CHEBI_59752
  A bolaphile
  A bolaform surfactant
  A bolaamphiphiles
  A alpha-omega-type surfactant
  A bolaamphiphile
obo:CHEBI_27780
  A detergent
  A Detergents
obo:CHEBI_38828
  A nonionic surfactants
  A non-ionic surfactant
  A nonionic surfactant
obo:CHEBI_78299
  A environmental food contaminants
  A environmental food contaminant
obo:CHEBI_77853
  A persistent organic pollutants
  A POPs
  A POP
  A persistent organic pollutant
obo:CHEBI_38161
  A chelators
  A complexon
  A chelating agents
  A Chelating agent
  A chelator
  A Metal chelator
obo:CHEBI_38157
  A iron chelators
  A iron chelating agents
  A iron chelator
obo:CHEBI_77963
  A sequestrants
  A sequestrant
obo:CHEBI_38162
  A iron(II) chelator
  A ferrous chelators
  A ferrous chelator
  A iron(2+) chelator
obo:CHEBI_24028
  A iron(III) chelator
  A ferric chelators
  A ferric chelator
  A iron(3+) chelator
obo:CHEBI_38155
  A phytosiderophores
  A Phytosiderophor
  A phytosiderophore
obo:CHEBI_23240
  A chromophores
  A chromophore
obo:CHEBI_35197
  A lumiphore
  A luminophore
obo:CHEBI_73335
  A ultraviolet filters
  A UV filters
  A UV filter
  A ultraviolet filter
obo:CHEBI_22368
  A alpha-1-microglobulin-Ig alpha complex chromophores
obo:CHEBI_82632
  A phytochrome chromophores
  A phytochrome chromophore
obo:CHEBI_48357
  A aprotic solvent
obo:CHEBI_51268
  A drying control chemical additive
obo:CHEBI_48355
  A non-polar solvents
  A non-polar solvent
obo:CHEBI_48354
  A polar solvents
  A polar solvent
obo:CHEBI_48358
  A dipolar aprotic solvent
  A polar aprotic solvent
obo:CHEBI_48356
  A protogenic solvent
  A protic solvent
obo:CHEBI_48359
  A protophilic solvent
  A hydrogen bond acceptor solvent
  A HBA solvent
obo:CHEBI_48360
  A amphiprotic solvent
obo:CHEBI_77523
  A maillard reaction products
  A Maillard products
  A Maillard product
  A Maillard reaction product
bao:BAO_0002624
  D "The role of a company as a creator of an assay kit, compound library, or detection instrument."
bao:BAO_0000558
  D "The role of an individual or a company as a creator of an assay kit, compound library, or detection instrument."
bao:BAO_0002626
  D "The role of a company as a creator of reagents and assay kits."
bao:BAO_0002627
  D "The role of a company as a creator of a compound library."
bao:BAO_0002625
  D "The role of an individual, who works at an academic institution as a creator of a chemical compound."
bao:BAO_0000524
  D "The role of an organization or individual to add an assay to a repository, such as PubChem."
bao:BAO_0000027
  D "The role of a scientist who has designed an assay and requested it to be run at a screening center."
bao:BAO_0002091
  D "The name of an organization that is involved in manufacture and / or commercialization of assay kits, detection instruments, small molecule libraries, etc."
src:pubchem_sources
  D "Sources providing data to the NCBI PubChem databases. https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/source/."
bao:BAO_0000709
  D "The name of the screening center organization that is affiliated with an assay or an experiment; for example the assay was developed by an individual affiliated with that organization or an assay experiment (screen) was performed by a group / in  lab affiliated with that research organization."
src:SRC_0000001
  D "Broad Institute."
  U http://www.broadinstitute.org
src:SRC_0000002
  D "Sanford-Burnham Center for Chemical Genomics."
  U http://cpccg.sanfordburnham.org
src:SRC_0000032
  D "ChEMBL or ChEMBLdb is a manually curated chemical database of bioactive molecules with drug-like properties. It is maintained by the European Bioinformatics Institute (EBI), of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), based at the Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK."
  U https://www.ebi.ac.uk/chembldb
src:SRC_0000003
  D "Circadian Research, Kay Laboratory, University of California at San Diego (UCSD)."
  U https://ccb.ucsd.edu
src:SRC_0000006
  D "Drosophila RNAi Screening Center (DRSC)."
  U http://flyRNAi.org
src:SRC_0000008
  D "EPA DSSTox."
  U https://www.epa.gov/chemical-research/distributed-structure-searchable-toxicity-dsstox-database
src:SRC_0000009
  D "GlaxoSmithKline (GSK)."
  U http://www.gsk.com
src:SRC_0000010
  D "ICCB-Longwood Screening Facility, Harvard Medical School."
  U http://iccb.med.harvard.edu
src:SRC_0000011
  D "Johns Hopkins Ion Channel Center."
  U http://www.jhicc.org
src:SRC_0000013
  D "Molecular Libraries Program, Specialized Chemistry Center (University of Kansas)."
  U http://www.scc.ku.edu
src:SRC_0000007
  D "Emory University Molecular Libraries Screening Center."
  U http://www.pharm.emory.edu/ECBDC
src:SRC_0000024
  D "Molecular Libraries Screening Center, Southern Research Institute (SRMLSC)."
  U http://srmlsc.southernresearch.org
src:SRC_0000029
  D "The University of Pittsburgh Molecular Library Screening Center (UPMLSC) is now part of the University of Pittsburgh Drug Discovery Institute (UPDDI). The MLSCN Pilot Phase and the UPMLSC ended in June 2008."
  U http://pmlsc.pitt.edu
src:SRC_0000005
  D "Columbia University Molecular Screening Center."
  U http://ycmd.yale.edu
src:SRC_0000026
  D "The Scripps Research Institute Molecular Screening Center."
  U http://mlpcn.florida.scripps.edu
src:SRC_0000028
  D "Molecular Screening Shared Resource (UCLA)."
  U http://www.mssr.ucla.edu
src:SRC_0000014
  D "Molecular Targets Development Program (MTDP) catalog provides structures, sources and other reference information for compounds isolated and characterized by MTDP scientists from extracts from the NCI Natural Products Repository."
  U https://home.ncifcrf.gov/mtdp/Catalog/catalog.html
src:SRC_0000015
  D "The NCATS Chemical Genomics Center (NCGC), formerly known as the NIH Chemical Genomics Center, was created in 2008 as a comprehensive screening center in the Molecular Libraries Probe Production Centers Network, part of the NIH Common Fund's Molecular Libraries Program. The NCGC's goal is to uncover new small molecule therapeutics and advance the process of therapeutic development through a model of collaborative research."
  U https://ncats.nih.gov/ncgc
src:SRC_0000018
  D "New Mexico Molecular Libraries Screening Center (NMMLSC)."
  U http://nmmlsc.health.unm.edu
src:SRC_0000016
  D "NIH Clinical Collection."
  U http://nihsmr.evotec.com/evotec
src:SRC_0000012
  D "NIH Molecular Libraries Small Molecule Repository (MLSMR)."
  U https://commonfund.nih.gov/molecularlibraries/index
src:SRC_0000017
  D "National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) Approved Drug Screening Program."
  U http://www.ninds.nih.gov
src:SRC_0000019
  D "Penn Center for Molecular Discovery (PCMD)."
  U http://www.seas.upenn.edu/~pcmd
src:SRC_0000020
  D "Psychoactive Drug Screening Program (PDSP)."
  U https://pdspdb.unc.edu/pdspWeb
src:SRC_0000030
  D "The Vanderbilt High-Throughput Screening (HTS) facility provides screening-based services to aide research investigators in the identification and investigation of new compounds for basic research and pharmacological discovery."
  U http://www.vanderbilt.edu/hts
src:SRC_0000022
  D "Southern Research Institute."
  U http://www.southernresearch.org
src:SRC_0000023
  D "Southern Research Institute, Specialized Biocontainment Screening Center."
  U http://www.southernresearch.org
src:SRC_0000031
  D "The Vanderbilt Specialized Chemistry Center for Accelerated Probe Development was established as a member of the Molecular Libraries Probe Production Centers Network (MLPCN) initiated and supported by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Molecular Libraries Roadmap."
  U http://www.mc.vanderbilt.edu/centers/mlpcn/index.html
src:SRC_0000021
  D "SGCOxCompounds. The Structural Genomics Consortium (SGC) Oxford seeks to generate high quality reagents to accelerate the discovery of new medicines and place them into the public domain without restriction. Using 3D structures of human proteins and the reagents generated as part of the structure determination process as well as the chemical probes identified, we work with organisations within Oxford, the UK and the rest of the world to further the understanding of the biological roles of these proteins. We have particular interests in human protein kinases, metabolism-associated proteins, integral membrane proteins and proteins associated with epigenetics."
  U http://www.thesgc.org
src:SRC_0000025
  D "The Genomics Institute of the Novartis Research Foundation (GNF)."
  U http://biogps.org/circadian
src:SRC_0000027
  D "Tox21 (NCATS)."
  U http://www.ncats.nih.gov/tox21
bao:BAO_0000869
  D "It is an MLPCN comprehensive screening center."
bao:BAO_0000871
  D "It is an MLPCN comprehensive screening center."
bao:BAO_0000899
  D "It is an MLSCN (pilot phase) screening center."
bao:BAO_0000951
  D "It is a specialized screening center of MLPCN."
bao:BAO_0000813
  D "It is an MLSCN (pilot phase) screening center."
bao:BAO_0000977
  D "It is a specialized screening center of MLPCN."
bao:BAO_0000973
  D "It is an MLPCN comprehensive screening center."
  A NCGC
bao:BAO_0000791
  D "It is a specialized screening center of MLPCN."
bao:BAO_0000989
  D "It is an MLSCN (pilot phase) screening center."
bao:BAO_0001031
  D "It is an MLPCN comprehensive screening center."
bao:BAO_0001015
  A SGC Oxford
bao:BAO_0001043
  D "It is an MLSCN (pilot phase) screening center."
bao:BAO_0000710
  D "It is a specialized chemistry center of MLPCN."
obo:CHEBI_59999
  D "A chemical substance is a portion of matter of constant composition, composed of molecular entities of the same type or of different types."
obo:CHEBI_18291
  D "A manganese group element atom that has formula Mn."
obo:CHEBI_60004
  D "A mixture is a chemical substance composed of multiple molecules, at least two of which are of a different kind."
obo:CHEBI_60027
  D "A polymer is a mixture, which is composed of macromolecules of different kinds and which may be differentiated by composition, length, degree of branching etc.."
