obo:PR_Q9P3W6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC458.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC458.02c
obo:PR_Q9USJ3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC4B3.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC4B3.03c
obo:PR_O74973
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC4B4.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC4B4.12c
obo:PR_O43062
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC4C3.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC4C3.09
obo:PR_O14166
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4C5.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4C5.03
obo:PR_O14173
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4D7.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4D7.07c
obo:PR_O36029
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4F10.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4F10.17
obo:PR_Q9UT68
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC4F11.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC4F11.03c
obo:PR_Q9UT66
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC4F11.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC4F11.05
obo:PR_P87229
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC4G3.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC4G3.03
obo:PR_Q10237
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4G9.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4G9.04c
obo:PR_Q10244
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4G9.14 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4G9.14
obo:PR_C6Y4A2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4G9.22 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4G9.22
obo:PR_Q10211
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4H3.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4H3.03c
obo:PR_Q10214
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4H3.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4H3.06
obo:PR_Q10221
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4H3.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4H3.14c
obo:PR_G2TRN0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4H3.16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4H3.16
obo:PR_G2TRM9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4H3.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4H3.17
obo:PR_Q9UT62
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC513.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC513.04
obo:PR_O59743
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC530.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC530.07c
obo:PR_O74939
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC553.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC553.01c
obo:PR_O74943
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC553.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC553.06
obo:PR_O74947
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC553.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC553.10
obo:PR_O74949
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC553.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC553.12c
obo:PR_Q9USS4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC557.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC557.02c
obo:PR_Q9USS1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC557.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC557.05
obo:PR_Q9Y7S3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC569.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC569.04
obo:PR_C6Y4D4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC569.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC569.09
obo:PR_Q10250
  D "A disco-interacting protein 2 homolog B that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-DIP2B
obo:PR_Q10260
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC56F8.12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC56F8.12
obo:PR_Q10261
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC56F8.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC56F8.13
obo:PR_Q10263
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC56F8.15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC56F8.15
obo:PR_O74886
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC576.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC576.02
obo:PR_Q9C0V2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC576.19c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC576.19c
obo:PR_Q9USQ8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC577.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC577.11
obo:PR_P87055
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC57A10.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC57A10.07
obo:PR_P87136
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC57A7.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC57A7.05
obo:PR_P87137
  D "A U3 small nucleolar RNA-associated protein 14 B that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-Utp14b
obo:PR_P87138
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC57A7.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC57A7.07c
obo:PR_C6Y4B2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC57A7.15c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC57A7.15c
obo:PR_Q10338
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC582.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC582.04c
obo:PR_Q09890
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC584.16c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC584.16c
obo:PR_Q9HE01
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC589.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC589.03c
obo:PR_Q9HDZ8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC589.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC589.06c
obo:PR_O74505
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC594.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC594.02c
obo:PR_O74506
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC594.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC594.03
obo:PR_O74507
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC594.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC594.04c
obo:PR_O14204
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC5D6.12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC5D6.12
obo:PR_Q9P7Z6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC5E4.10c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC5E4.10c
obo:PR_Q09677
  D "A modulator of drug activity B that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-mdaB
obo:PR_Q09678
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC5H10.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC5H10.07
obo:PR_Q09680
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC5H10.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC5H10.12c
obo:PR_Q9US11
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC607.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC607.07c
obo:PR_O94601
  D "An ADP-ribosylation factor GTPase-activating protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ARFGAP1
obo:PR_O94602
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC622.15c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC622.15c
obo:PR_Q9Y7U0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC63.14 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC63.14
obo:PR_Q9UUH8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC630.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC630.04c
obo:PR_Q9UUH5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC630.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC630.07c
obo:PR_Q9UUH0
  D "A metallophosphoesterase 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-MPPE1
obo:PR_O94440
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC637.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC637.03
obo:PR_Q9Y7V1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC645.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC645.12c
obo:PR_O94662
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC651.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC651.04
obo:PR_O94670
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC651.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC651.12c
obo:PR_Q9P6M5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC652.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC652.01
obo:PR_O74521
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC663.15c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC663.15c
obo:PR_Q9US01
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC664.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC664.13
obo:PR_Q9HFF2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC683.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC683.02c
obo:PR_Q96VG3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC683.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC683.03
obo:PR_Q9Y7L5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC685.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC685.03
obo:PR_Q9Y7L9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC685.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC685.08
obo:PR_Q9P6M2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC688.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC688.03c
obo:PR_Q9P6L4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC688.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC688.12c
obo:PR_O13621
  D "An anoctamin-10 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ANO10
obo:PR_O43067
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC6B1.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC6B1.03c
obo:PR_O14208
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6B12.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6B12.03c
obo:PR_O14219
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6B12.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6B12.14c
obo:PR_Q9Y7I3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6C3.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6C3.03c
obo:PR_Q10312
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6C3.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6C3.09
obo:PR_C6Y4A5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6F6.19 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6F6.19
obo:PR_O14256
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6G10.10c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6G10.10c
obo:PR_Q92346
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6G9.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6G9.01c
obo:PR_Q92360
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6G9.15c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6G9.15c
obo:PR_Q92361
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6G9.16c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6G9.16c
obo:PR_Q9C1W6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC713.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC713.09
obo:PR_O94322
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC725.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC725.03
obo:PR_O74951
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC736.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC736.02
obo:PR_O74953
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC736.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC736.07c
obo:PR_O13679
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC737.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC737.05
obo:PR_O74913
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC757.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC757.02c
obo:PR_O74917
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC757.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC757.06
obo:PR_O74550
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC777.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC777.11
obo:PR_O74551
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC777.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC777.12c
obo:PR_Q9USI0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC794.15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC794.15
obo:PR_O14263
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC7D4.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC7D4.08
obo:PR_O14264
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC7D4.09c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC7D4.09c
obo:PR_O14268
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC7D4.13c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC7D4.13c
obo:PR_O14269
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC7D4.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC7D4.14c
obo:PR_Q9HGL1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC800.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC800.11
obo:PR_A6X969
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC806.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC806.11
obo:PR_Q9UT50
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC821.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC821.03c
obo:PR_O13886
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC823.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC823.02
obo:PR_Q9UT40
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC824.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC824.03c
obo:PR_Q9UT34
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC824.09c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC824.09c
obo:PR_O94696
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC83.12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC83.12
obo:PR_Q9C0W4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC83.19c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC83.19c
obo:PR_O94293
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC887.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC887.08
obo:PR_O94299
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC887.16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC887.16
obo:PR_O94535
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC895.08c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC895.08c
obo:PR_O13647
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC8D2.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC8D2.11
obo:PR_O42882
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC8E11.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC8E11.05c
obo:PR_O42883
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC8E11.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC8E11.06
obo:PR_A6X974
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC8E11.08c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC8E11.08c
obo:PR_G2TRM4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC8E11.12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC8E11.12
obo:PR_O42886
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC8E4.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC8E4.02c
obo:PR_O42889
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC8E4.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC8E4.05c
obo:PR_Q9UT29
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC8F11.08c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC8F11.08c
obo:PR_Q9UT20
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9.08c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9.08c
obo:PR_Q9UT17
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9.11
obo:PR_Q9USP7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC902.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC902.06
obo:PR_Q9URX2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC922.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC922.04
obo:PR_G2TRL0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC922.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC922.09
obo:PR_P0CS92
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC959.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC959.06c
obo:PR_G2TRM5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC959.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC959.11
obo:PR_O14065
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC962.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC962.01
obo:PR_O14287
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9E9.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9E9.01
obo:PR_A6X978
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9E9.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9E9.02
obo:PR_O14290
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9E9.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9E9.04
obo:PR_O14291
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9E9.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9E9.05
obo:PR_O14297
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9E9.15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9E9.15
obo:PR_Q9UT14
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9E9.17c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9E9.17c
obo:PR_O14303
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9G1.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9G1.07
obo:PR_G2TRK6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC9G1.14 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC9G1.14
obo:PR_O74501
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC285.14 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC285.14
obo:PR_O74901
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC613.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC613.01
obo:PR_Q6MX60
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBCPT2R1.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBCPT2R1.02
obo:PR_P0CS85
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBCPT2R1.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBCPT2R1.03
obo:PR_G2TRL8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPACUNK4.20 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPACUNK4.20
obo:PR_O94384
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the ely5 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ely5
obo:PR_G2TRK8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the new12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-new12
obo:PR_G2TRK9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the new13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-new13
obo:PR_G2TRS1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the new14 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-new14
obo:PR_G2TRL5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the new2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-new2
obo:PR_G2TRS2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the new20 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-new20
obo:PR_G2TRM6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the new4 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-new4
obo:PR_G2TRN2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the new9 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-new9
obo:PR_Q9HDV8
  D "An opiorphin prepropeptide that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-OPRPN
obo:PR_O13619
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP22H7.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP22H7.03
obo:PR_G2TRQ4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP23A10.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP23A10.17
obo:PR_Q9URT2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCP25A2.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCP25A2.03
obo:PR_Q9P7M7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAP27G11.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAP27G11.11c
obo:PR_Q9C109
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAP27G11.16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAP27G11.16
obo:PR_Q9P799
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP35G2.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP35G2.04c
obo:PR_G2TRS6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP35G2.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP35G2.17
obo:PR_Q9P7U7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP4G3.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP4G3.03
obo:PR_Q9P7D5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP4H10.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP4H10.14c
obo:PR_Q9P7D1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP4H10.18c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP4H10.18c
obo:PR_Q9P7D0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP4H10.19c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP4H10.19c
obo:PR_Q9UT12
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAP8A3.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAP8A3.02c
obo:PR_Q9UT04
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAP8A3.13c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAP8A3.13c
obo:PR_O94252
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP8B7.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP8B7.02
obo:PR_O94274
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP8B7.26 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP8B7.26
obo:PR_G2TRR5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP8B7.32 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP8B7.32
obo:PR_Q96WU9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCPB16A4.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCPB16A4.06c
obo:PR_G2TRU3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCPB16A4.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCPB16A4.07
obo:PR_Q8TFG4
  D "A proline and serine-rich protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-PROSER1
obo:PR_Q9HDY7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB1A10.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB1A10.02
obo:PR_Q9HDY5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB1A10.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB1A10.05
obo:PR_Q9HDX7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB1A10.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB1A10.13
obo:PR_P0CAN9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB1A10.16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB1A10.16
obo:PR_Q9C108
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB1E7.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB1E7.01c
obo:PR_Q9C0Z8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB1E7.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB1E7.11c
obo:PR_Q8NIL4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB21E7.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB21E7.05
obo:PR_G2TRR8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB21E7.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB21E7.10
obo:PR_G2TRR9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB21E7.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB21E7.11
obo:PR_Q9C0Y7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB24D3.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB24D3.07c
obo:PR_Q9HDU9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB2B2.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB2B2.06c
obo:PR_Q9HDU4
  D "A dTDP-D-glucose 4,6-dehydratase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-TGDS
obo:PR_Q9HDW4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB2B4.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB2B4.07
obo:PR_Q9C0V5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB7E8.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB7E8.01
obo:PR_Q9C0V4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB7E8.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB7E8.02
obo:PR_Q9C0X5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB8E5.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB8E5.10
obo:PR_G2TRM2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPJ695.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPJ695.02
obo:PR_G2TRL4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the prl65 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-prl65
obo:PR_Q9UT00
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ESYT1
obo:PR_O59729
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC3E7.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC3E7.09
  A SUN-like protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_G2TRK5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC110.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC110.05
obo:PR_P0CU24
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC11D3.20 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC11D3.20
obo:PR_P0CU25
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC29A4.23 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC29A4.23
obo:PR_P0CU22
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC823.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC823.17
obo:PR_Q9P7M4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAP27G11.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAP27G11.14c
obo:PR_P0CU23
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB1A11.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB1A11.06
obo:PR_U3H040
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC18E5.09c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC18E5.09c
obo:PR_W6JQK2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC651.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC651.07
obo:PR_P0CU21
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC713.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC713.14c
obo:PR_G2TRU4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1259.16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1259.16
obo:PR_U3H0A9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1884.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1884.01
obo:PR_O94484
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC417.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC417.03
obo:PR_G2TRJ4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-tam1
obo:PR_G2TRQ9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 10 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-tam10
obo:PR_G2TRQ6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 11 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-tam11
obo:PR_G2TRR3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 12 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-tam12
obo:PR_G2TRQ0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-tam13
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 13 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_G2TRM7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam5 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 5 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-tam5
obo:PR_G2TRJ5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam6 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-tam6
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 6 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_G2TRP0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam7 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-tam7
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 7 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_G2TRQ2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the tam8 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A transcripts altered in meiosis protein 8 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-tam8
obo:PR_O14080
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPACUNK4.15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPACUNK4.15
obo:PR_O14074
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPACUNK4.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPACUNK4.09
obo:PR_O14076
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mpp6 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-mpp6
obo:PR_O14082
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPACUNK4.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPACUNK4.17
obo:PR_O74838
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf10
obo:PR_Q8NIP8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf12
obo:PR_O74420
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf13
obo:PR_O74512
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf14 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf14
obo:PR_G2TRU7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf15
obo:PR_Q9Y7N5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf16
obo:PR_G2TRU8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf17
obo:PR_O74495
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf18 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf18
obo:PR_O74486
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf19 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf19
obo:PR_O74487
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf20 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf20
obo:PR_O74474
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf21 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf21
obo:PR_O94409
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf23 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf23
obo:PR_U3H0P2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf25 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf25
obo:PR_Q9P3V0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf4 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf4
obo:PR_Q8TF80
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf5 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf5
obo:PR_G2TRU9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf6 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf6
obo:PR_Q7Z9I5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf7 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf7
obo:PR_G2TRV0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf8 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf8
obo:PR_O74564
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wtf9 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wtf9
obo:PR_O60112
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC15C4.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC15C4.03
obo:PR_Q9P375
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC19B12.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC19B12.06c
obo:PR_Q9P7D8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP4H10.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP4H10.10
obo:PR_O94525
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC609.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC609.01
obo:PR_Q1MTR5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC15C4.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC15C4.06c
obo:PR_O60117
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC16G5.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC16G5.03
obo:PR_O42845
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC23A1.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC23A1.07
obo:PR_Q9Y7K6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC2A9.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC2A9.04c
obo:PR_O14099
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC2F3.16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC2F3.16
obo:PR_O74371
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC32F12.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC32F12.07c
obo:PR_P87237
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC4G3.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC4G3.12c
obo:PR_Q9P3U8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC548.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC548.05c
obo:PR_P87139
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC57A7.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC57A7.09
obo:PR_O14212
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC6B12.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC6B12.07c
obo:PR_Q9C1X4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAP32A8.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAP32A8.03c
obo:PR_Q9P7E1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP4H10.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP4H10.07
obo:PR_O94264
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP8B7.15c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP8B7.15c
obo:PR_O94271
  D "A RING finger protein 10 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-RNF10
obo:PR_Q9URV0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC106.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC106.12c
obo:PR_O94403
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC126.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC126.11c
obo:PR_O13801
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC17H9.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC17H9.04c
obo:PR_O74978
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1827.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1827.05c
obo:PR_Q9USY2
  D "A squamous cell carcinoma antigen recognized by T-cells 3 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SART3
obo:PR_Q10355
  D "An RNA-binding protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-RBM7
obo:PR_O42847
  D "An RNA-binding protein 8A that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-RBM8A
obo:PR_O60176
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC23E6.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC23E6.01c
obo:PR_Q10422
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC25G10.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC25G10.01
obo:PR_Q9P3U1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC328.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC328.05
obo:PR_Q9Y7Y3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC365.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC365.04c
obo:PR_Q10145
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC3H8.09c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC3H8.09c
obo:PR_O94359
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC428.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC428.12c
obo:PR_O74400
  D "An RNA-binding protein 28 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-RBM28
obo:PR_P87143
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC57A7.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC57A7.13
obo:PR_Q9P6P7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC644.16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC644.16
obo:PR_O94432
  D "A CUGBP Elav-like family member 4 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-CELF4
obo:PR_Q9USP9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC902.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC902.04
obo:PR_Q9HFE6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP16F5.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP16F5.06
obo:PR_O13875
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1B3.10c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1B3.10c
obo:PR_O13695
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC11G7.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC11G7.01
obo:PR_O94497
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC18E5.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC18E5.07
obo:PR_O42970
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1E8.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1E8.05
obo:PR_O14338
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC2F12.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC2F12.03c
obo:PR_Q9P7X4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP23A10.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP23A10.11c
obo:PR_O59785
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC320.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC320.08
obo:PR_Q9C0V7
  D "A sulfatase AslA that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-aslA
obo:PR_Q9USR5
  D "A THO complex subunit 5 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-THOC5
obo:PR_Q96WV6
  D "A mucin-17 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-MUC17
obo:PR_O42851
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC23A1.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC23A1.14c
obo:PR_Q9P7H9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC105.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC105.03c
obo:PR_Q10086
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC11D3.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC11D3.07c
obo:PR_G2TRN9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC11D3.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC11D3.11c
obo:PR_Q1MTM9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1327.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1327.01c
obo:PR_Q9UTN0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC139.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC139.03
obo:PR_Q9HE16
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1399.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1399.05c
obo:PR_O74308
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC15D4.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC15D4.02
obo:PR_Q9P6I9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1683.13c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1683.13c
obo:PR_O60131
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC16G5.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC16G5.17
obo:PR_O94569
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1773.12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1773.12
obo:PR_O94573
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1773.16c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1773.16c
obo:PR_Q09922
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1F7.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1F7.11c
obo:PR_Q9UTA7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC25B8.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC25B8.11
obo:PR_O13658
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the pho7 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-pho7
obo:PR_O94392
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC2H10.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC2H10.01
obo:PR_O59780
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC320.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC320.03
obo:PR_O14130
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC3C7.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC3C7.04
obo:PR_Q10144
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC3H8.08c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC3H8.08c
obo:PR_O94490
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC417.09c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC417.09c
obo:PR_O59741
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC530.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC530.05
obo:PR_O59744
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC530.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC530.08
obo:PR_O59746
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC530.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC530.11c
obo:PR_O60056
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC56F2.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC56F2.05c
obo:PR_O74915
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC757.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC757.04
obo:PR_O74541
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC777.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC777.02
obo:PR_O59830
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC965.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC965.10
obo:PR_Q9HDX1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB1A11.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB1A11.04c
obo:PR_Q9C0Z1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB24D3.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB24D3.01
obo:PR_G2TRT7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1235.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1235.17
obo:PR_G2TRT8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1235.18 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1235.18
obo:PR_G2TRQ3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC16E9.20 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC16E9.20
obo:PR_G2TRK0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC343.21 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC343.21
obo:PR_G2TRN3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB15E9.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB15E9.06
obo:PR_Q9US44
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1002.16c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1002.16c
obo:PR_Q9US37
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1039.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1039.04
obo:PR_Q10085
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC11D3.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC11D3.06
obo:PR_Q10097
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC11D3.18c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC11D3.18c
obo:PR_Q9P3V5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1348.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1348.05
obo:PR_Q9USN4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1529.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1529.01
obo:PR_Q9P6J0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1683.12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1683.12
obo:PR_O94572
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1773.15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1773.15
obo:PR_O60146
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC18H10.16 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC18H10.16
obo:PR_O13879
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1B3.15c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1B3.15c
obo:PR_Q10354
  D "A solute carrier family 35 member C2 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SLC35C2
obo:PR_Q9UUI8
  D "A GDP-fucose transporter 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SLC35C1
obo:PR_Q9UT92
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC323.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC323.07c
obo:PR_O59698
  D "A glycerol-3-phosphate transporter GlpT that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-glpT
obo:PR_O59699
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC36.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC36.02c
obo:PR_O59700
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC36.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC36.03c
obo:PR_O59712
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC3B8.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC3B8.04c
obo:PR_Q10072
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC3H1.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC3H1.06c
obo:PR_O94491
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC417.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC417.10
obo:PR_B5BP47
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC460.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC460.03
obo:PR_B5BP49
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC460.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC460.05
obo:PR_Q9USK3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC4B3.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC4B3.13
obo:PR_O59738
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC530.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC530.02
obo:PR_Q9Y7S4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC569.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC569.05c
obo:PR_O74899
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC576.17c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC576.17c
obo:PR_O14197
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC5D6.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC5D6.04
obo:PR_O74923
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC757.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC757.13
obo:PR_O59814
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC794.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC794.04c
obo:PR_O59833
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC965.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC965.13
obo:PR_Q9HDX4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mfc1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-mfc1
obo:PR_Q10084
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mfs2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-mfs2
obo:PR_Q9C0V8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB10D8.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB10D8.01
obo:PR_Q9C0U9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCPB1C11.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCPB1C11.03
obo:PR_P0CU10
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC750.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC750.02c
obo:PR_P0CT94
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB10D8.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB10D8.04c
obo:PR_P0CT95
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB10D8.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB10D8.05c
obo:PR_P0CT96
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB10D8.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB10D8.06c
obo:PR_P0CT97
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB10D8.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB10D8.07c
obo:PR_P0CU11
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB2B2.16c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB2B2.16c
obo:PR_O42967
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1E8.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1E8.02
obo:PR_Q9HGL0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC800.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC800.12c
obo:PR_P87293
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC16A10.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC16A10.01
obo:PR_O14267
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC7D4.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC7D4.12c
obo:PR_P87125
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC3A12.09c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC3A12.09c
obo:PR_O14016
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC29A4.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC29A4.13
obo:PR_Q96WV0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCPB16A4.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCPB16A4.05c
obo:PR_O94394
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC126.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC126.01c
obo:PR_Q09866
  D "A GATOR complex protein MIOS that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-MIOS
obo:PR_Q9USZ0
  D "A WD repeat-containing protein 6 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-WDR6
obo:PR_Q09786
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC13G6.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC13G6.08
obo:PR_O42948
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC16H5.13 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC16H5.13
obo:PR_O94560
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1773.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1773.01
obo:PR_O74763
  D "A DDB1- and CUL4-associated factor 7 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-DCAF7
obo:PR_O60136
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC18H10.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC18H10.05
obo:PR_Q9Y825
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC25H1.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC25H1.06
obo:PR_O42996
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC27B12.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC27B12.05
obo:PR_Q9Y7K5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC2A9.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC2A9.03
obo:PR_P87177
  D "A WD repeat-containing protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-WDR3
obo:PR_Q6LA54
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC3H5.08c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC3H5.08c
obo:PR_O36030
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4F10.18 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4F10.18
obo:PR_O14186
  D "A GATOR complex protein WDR24 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-WDR24
obo:PR_Q9UT39
  D "A WD repeat-containing protein 82 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-WDR82
obo:PR_Q9UT11
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAP8A3.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAP8A3.03
obo:PR_O36031
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4F10.19c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC4F10.19c
obo:PR_O74782
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC25B2.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC25B2.10
obo:PR_Q9P6S3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the uds1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-uds1
obo:PR_Q10081
  D "A protein ElaA that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-elaA
obo:PR_Q9P7T6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC694.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC694.04c
obo:PR_O43073
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps68 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps68
obo:PR_O94245
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC737.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC737.04
obo:PR_Q9P7D6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP4H10.12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP4H10.12
obo:PR_Q9Y7S1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC569.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC569.02c
obo:PR_Q9HDT7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCP20C8.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCP20C8.02c
obo:PR_Q9URW1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPJ695.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPJ695.01c
obo:PR_O14068
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1687.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1687.07
obo:PR_Q9P7G8
  D "A UPF0382 inner membrane protein YgdD that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ygdD
obo:PR_Q9P7I8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC24B10.18 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC24B10.18
obo:PR_O74814
  D "A regulation of nuclear pre-mRNA domain-containing protein 1A that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-RPRD1A
obo:PR_P0CS86
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1348.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1348.01
obo:PR_Q9P3V3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1348.07 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1348.07
obo:PR_Q9HGP8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC212.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC212.04c
obo:PR_Q9P3E5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC750.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC750.06c
obo:PR_Q9P7U3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC977.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC977.06
obo:PR_P0CS87
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBCPT2R1.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBCPT2R1.01c
obo:PR_Q9HDU8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB2B2.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB2B2.07c
obo:PR_Q9HDU1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB2B2.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB2B2.14c
obo:PR_P0CT98
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC212.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC212.01c
obo:PR_P0CT99
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBCPT2R1.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBCPT2R1.04c
obo:PR_O14037
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC2C4.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC2C4.04c
obo:PR_O74797
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Ess1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-Ess1
obo:PR_O42972
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC20F10.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC20F10.02c
obo:PR_Q9C0V9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC32H8.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC32H8.01c
obo:PR_Q9UUA7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC409.17c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC409.17c
obo:PR_O74504
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC594.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC594.01
obo:PR_Q9UTI9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC15E1.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC15E1.02c
obo:PR_O14260
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC7D4.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC7D4.03c
obo:PR_Q9UT54
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC806.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC806.05
obo:PR_G2TRS9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC337.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC337.02c
obo:PR_Q9Y7S2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC569.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC569.03
obo:PR_Q9Y7S0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC569.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC569.01c
obo:PR_G2TRT2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the new22 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-new22
obo:PR_Q9HDT8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCP20C8.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCP20C8.01c
obo:PR_Q9C0Y8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB24D3.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB24D3.06c
obo:PR_O94450
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1687.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1687.04
obo:PR_Q4ZGE1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC8C9.19 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC8C9.19
obo:PR_O94549
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1322.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1322.10
obo:PR_O94694
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC83.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC83.10
obo:PR_Q96WW3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC32H8.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC32H8.05
obo:PR_Q9HDU7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB2B2.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB2B2.08
obo:PR_Q9HDW5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAPB2B4.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAPB2B4.06
obo:PR_Q6LA55
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC3H5.09c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC3H5.09c
obo:PR_Q76PC4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1442.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1442.02
obo:PR_Q9USH2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCP31B10.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCP31B10.02
obo:PR_Q9USN2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC16A11.03c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC16A11.03c
obo:PR_Q10301
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC22H10.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC22H10.08
obo:PR_Q9US15
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC607.02c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC607.02c
obo:PR_Q10080
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC11D3.01c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC11D3.01c
obo:PR_Q09802
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC22G7.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC22G7.11c
obo:PR_Q9URZ2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC869.09 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC869.09
obo:PR_Q9UUE0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC17G9.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC17G9.12c
obo:PR_Q9UUG6
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC926.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC926.02
obo:PR_Q9UUJ8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1952.10c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1952.10c
obo:PR_O13938
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC23H3.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC23H3.04
obo:PR_Q9Y7K0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC216.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC216.03
obo:PR_Q9P6K3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC30C2.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC30C2.08
obo:PR_O14032
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC29B12.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC29B12.11c
obo:PR_O13926
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC23C4.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC23C4.06c
obo:PR_O94280
  D "A coiled-coil domain-containing protein 47 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-CCDC47
obo:PR_Q7LL04
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1494.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1494.01
obo:PR_Q9P3V7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1348.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1348.03
obo:PR_Q9HDU0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB2B2.17c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB2B2.17c
obo:PR_P0CU06
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC750.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC750.04c
obo:PR_P0CU07
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC977.02 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC977.02
obo:PR_O94311
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC215.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC215.06c
obo:PR_Q9URV8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC106.03 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC106.03
obo:PR_Q8J1M8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1952.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1952.04c
obo:PR_G2TRM1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC977.18 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC977.18
obo:PR_Q9HDT9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB2B2.18 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB2B2.18
obo:PR_O59707
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC36.10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC36.10
obo:PR_O74503
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the spp27 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A upstream activation factor subunit uaf30 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-spp27
  A upstream activation factor 27 KDa subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A upstream activation factor 30 KDa subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q10279
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the fur4 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-fur4
obo:PR_O13867
  D "A uracil phosphoribosyltransferase Upp that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A UPRTase 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A UMP pyrophosphorylase 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-upp
obo:PR_Q9HE15
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC1399.04c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A UMP pyrophosphorylase 2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-SPAC1399.04c
  A UPRTase 2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9US43
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the urg2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-urg2
  A UPRTase urg2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A UMP pyrophosphorylase urg2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9US41
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the urg1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-urg1
obo:PR_Q8TFG0
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the dur3-2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-dur3-2
obo:PR_Q9URY6
  D "A cation/acetate symporter ActP that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-actP
obo:PR_O00084
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the ure1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ure1
  A urea amidohydrolase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O13843
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC19G12.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A ureidoglycolatase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-SPAC19G12.04
obo:PR_O74409
  D "A uricase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A urate oxidase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-Uox
obo:PR_O74427
  D "A uridine-cytidine kinase-like 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-UCKL1
  A uridine monophosphokinase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O59771
  D "An adenylate kinase isoenzyme 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A deoxycytidylate kinase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-AK1
  A UK (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A uridine monophosphate kinase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A CK (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A dCMP kinase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A UMPK (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A UMP kinase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A ATP:UMP phosphotransferase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9USJ5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the hem12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A UPD (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-hem12
  A URO-D (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O74468
  D "A siroheme synthase cysG that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-cysG
obo:PR_P87214
  D "A uroporphyrinogen-III synthase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A uroporphyrinogen-III cosynthase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A UROS (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A hydroxymethylbilane hydrolyase [cyclizing] (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-UROS
  A UROIIIS (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O59819
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the ugp1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC794.10
obo:PR_P78811
  D "A UTP--glucose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-UGP2
obo:PR_Q10988
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the uve1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-uve1
  A UVDE (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P40388
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the uvi15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-uvi15
obo:PR_Q12238
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the uvi31 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-uvi31
obo:PR_Q9P7Y3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the pkr1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-pkr1
obo:PR_P50515
  D "A V-type proton ATPase 16 kDa proteolipid subunit that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ATP6V0C
  A vacuolar proton pump 16 kDa proteolipid subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A V-ATPase 16 kDa proteolipid subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9URZ8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vma11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A vacuolar proton pump 16 kDa proteolipid subunit 2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A V-ATPase 16 kDa proteolipid subunit 2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-vma11
  A proteolipid protein vma11 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O14046
  D "A V-type proton ATPase 21 kDa proteolipid subunit that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A V-ATPase 20 kDa proteolipid subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-ATP6V0B
  A vacuolar proton pump 20 kDa proteolipid subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P31406
  D "A V-type proton ATPase catalytic subunit A that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ATP6V1A
  A vacuolar proton pump subunit alpha (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A V-ATPase 67 kDa subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A V-ATPase subunit A (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O13742
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vph1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A V-ATPase a subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A vacuolar proton translocating ATPase subunit a (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-vph1
  A vacuolar ATPase 91 kDa subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A vacuolar proton pump a subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P31411
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vma2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A V-ATPase subunit B (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A V-ATPase 57 kDa subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-vma2
  A vacuolar proton pump subunit B (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O59823
  D "A V-type proton ATPase subunit D that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A vacuolar proton pump subunit D (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-ATP6V1D
  A V-ATPase subunit D (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O13687
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vma4 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vma4
  A V-ATPase subunit E (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A vacuolar proton pump subunit E (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q69Z14
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vma9 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A vacuolar proton pump subunit e (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-vma9
  A V-ATPase subunit e (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O43046
  D "A V-type proton ATPase subunit F that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A vacuolar proton pump subunit F (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-ATP6V1F
  A V-ATPase subunit F (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O74174
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vma10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A V-ATPase subunit G (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-vma10
  A vacuolar proton pump subunit G (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q10074
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the avt3 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-avt3
obo:PR_C6Y4C8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vma21 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vma21
obo:PR_O74920
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vph2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vph2
obo:PR_Q1MTR3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vid27 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vid27
obo:PR_O59726
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the fnx2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-fnx2
obo:PR_O94479
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1919.12c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A FXNA-related family protease 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-SPCC1919.12c
obo:PR_O74925
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 18 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 18 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-VPS18
obo:PR_O74788
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the iml1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-iml1
obo:PR_O13955
  D "A Vam6/Vps39-like protein that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-VPS39
  A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 39 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O74509
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC594.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC594.06c
obo:PR_O43028
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vac8 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vac8
obo:PR_Q9URZ5
  D "A dynamin-1-like protein that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-DNM1L
obo:PR_P87319
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps13a gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps13a
obo:PR_O42926
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps13b gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps13b
obo:PR_Q9UT38
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 16 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-VPS16
obo:PR_Q9URW7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps17
obo:PR_O94318
  D "A charged multivesicular body protein 6 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-CHMP6
obo:PR_O14296
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps24 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps24
obo:PR_Q10243
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps26 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps26
obo:PR_O13821
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the sst4 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A suppressor of ste12 deletion protein 4 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-sst4
obo:PR_O59796
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps3 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps3
obo:PR_Q9P7V6
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 33A that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-VPS33A
obo:PR_O60149
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps38 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps38
obo:PR_Q9P7N3
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 41 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-VPS41
obo:PR_P87129
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 53 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-VPS53
  A GARP complex subunit vps53 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O14093
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 54 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-VPS54
obo:PR_Q9UUH1
  D "A leptin receptor overlapping transcript-like 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-LEPROTL1
obo:PR_O74396
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps901 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps901
  A vacuolar protein-targeting protein 9a (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O94388
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps902 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps902
  A vacuolar protein-targeting protein 9b (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P87117
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the atg6 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-atg6
  A autophagy-related protein 6 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O74490
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the ist1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-ist1
obo:PR_Q9C0U7
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps5 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps5
obo:PR_O13703
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein VTA1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A VPS20-associated protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-VTA1
obo:PR_O42930
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A sortilin vps10 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A vacuolar carboxypeptidase sorting receptor vps10 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-vps10
  A CPY receptor (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A carboxypeptidase Y receptor (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O13783
  D "A programmed cell death 6-interacting protein that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A BRO domain-containing protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-PDCD6IP
obo:PR_O74967
  D "A vacuolar protein-sorting-associated protein 25 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-VPS25
obo:PR_O43038
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vps36 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vps36
obo:PR_O60074
  D "A charged multivesicular body protein 1b that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-CHMP1B
  A Doa4-independent degradation protein 2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A charged multivesicular body protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O94262
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vac7 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vac7
obo:PR_O13786
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the pep7 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-pep7
obo:PR_Q9UR17
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the nrf1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-nrf1
  A negative regulator of cdc42 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O13718
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vtc2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vtc2
obo:PR_P78810
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vtc4 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vtc4
obo:PR_O75005
  D "A valine--tRNA ligase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-VARS
  A ValRS (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A valyl-tRNA synthetase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O14160
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vas1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vas1
  A valyl-tRNA synthetase, mitochondrial (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9P7U4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC977.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC977.05c
obo:PR_P0CU13
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1348.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1348.06c
obo:PR_P0CU12
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBPB2B2.15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBPB2B2.15
obo:PR_Q9P6R1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vrp1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vrp1
obo:PR_O14346
  D "A very-long-chain (3R)-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydratase 2 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-HACD2
  A HACD (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydratase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q10245
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC4G9.15 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A microsomal beta-keto-reductase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A 3-ketoreductase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A KAR (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-SPAC4G9.15
  A 3-ketoacyl-CoA reductase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P78768
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vti1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-vti1
obo:PR_O60119
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC16G5.05c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A VAP homolog 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-SPBC16G5.05c
  A VAMP-associated protein C16G5.05c (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9P4X4
  D "A beta-soluble NSF attachment protein that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-NAPB
obo:PR_P33532
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the bsu1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A amiloride transporter car1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A changed amiloride resistance protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A vitamin B6 uptake protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-bsu1
obo:PR_O13880
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the vht1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A H(+)/biotin symporter vht1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-vht1
obo:PR_O74977
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPCC1827.04 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPCC1827.04
obo:PR_Q09873
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wdr21 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wdr21
obo:PR_P87060
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the pop1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-pop1
  A WD repeat-containing protein ste16 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O14170
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the pop2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-pop2
  A proteolysis factor sud1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P78972
  D "A cell division cycle protein 20 homolog that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-CDC20
obo:PR_Q9P7D3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP4H10.16c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP4H10.16c
obo:PR_O94364
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the wpl1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wpl1
obo:PR_O36027
  D "A neural Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-WASL
obo:PR_O13598
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC11B10.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC11B10.08
obo:PR_O14097
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC2F3.14c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC2F3.14c
obo:PR_O94425
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC660.05 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC660.05
obo:PR_O94426
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC660.06 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC660.06
obo:PR_O94300
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC887.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC887.17
obo:PR_Q9P7J2
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the xlf1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A meiotically up-regulated gene 104 protein (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-xlf1
  A non-homologous end-joining protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9C0U6
  D "A xylulose kinase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-XYLB
  A xylulokinase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O74958
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mmi1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-mmi1
  A meiotic mRNA interception protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O74823
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC337.12 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC337.12
obo:PR_Q9P370
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the bud20 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-bud20
obo:PR_Q10096
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC11D3.17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC11D3.17
obo:PR_Q9P374
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC19B12.07c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC19B12.07c
obo:PR_Q9UTA1
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC25B8.19c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC25B8.19c
obo:PR_O94326
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC725.08 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC725.08
obo:PR_Q9C469
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the grt1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-grt1
obo:PR_Q9US36
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the klf1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-klf1
  A krueppel-like zinc finger transcription factor 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P78871
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the rst2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-rst2
obo:PR_Q9P7D9
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the rsv1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-rsv1
  A required for stationary phase viability protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9Y815
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the rsv2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A required for stationary phase viability protein 2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-rsv2
obo:PR_Q9UTH8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the sfp1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-sfp1
obo:PR_Q9UTS5
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the zas1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-zas1
obo:PR_P47979
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the zfs1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A multicopy suppressor of overexpressed cyr1 protein 4 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-zfs1
obo:PR_O13600
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the sws1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-sws1
  A SWIM domain-containing and srs2-interacting protein 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O13918
  D "A zinc transporter ZitB that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-zitB
obo:PR_O13766
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mde10 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-mde10
  A meiotically up-regulated gene 139 protein (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A sporulation protein mde10 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9US12
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC607.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC607.06c
obo:PR_O14077
  D "An insulin-degrading enzyme that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A meiotically up-regulated gene 138 protein (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-IDE
obo:PR_Q9HGQ3
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the cis4 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-cis4
obo:PR_O94402
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the zip2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-zip2
obo:PR_O14329
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the zrg17 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-zrg17
obo:PR_O94639
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the zrt1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-zrt1
  A high-affinity zinc transport protein zrt1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_O42909
  D "A reticulon-4-interacting protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-RTN4IP1
obo:PR_O94564
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC1773.06c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC1773.06c
obo:PR_Q9P7F4
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPAC2E1P3.01 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPAC2E1P3.01
obo:PR_O74822
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBC337.11 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBC337.11
obo:PR_Q9Y7I8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the zuo1 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-zuo1
  A J protein zuo1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A ribosome-associated complex subunit zuo1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A DnaJ-related protein zuo1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9P792
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the SPBP35G2.11c gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-SPBP35G2.11c
obo:PR_P22774-1
  D "A heat shock 70 kDa protein, mitochondrial (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P22774-1."
  A Spom972h-HSPA9/iso:Long
  A heat shock 70 kDa protein, mitochondrial isoform Mitochondrial (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P22774-2
  D "A heat shock 70 kDa protein, mitochondrial (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P22774-2."
  A Spom972h-HSPA9/iso:Short
obo:PR_O13857-1
  D "A lysophospholipase SPAC1A6.03c (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O13857-1."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1A6.03c/iso:1
obo:PR_O13857-2
  D "A lysophospholipase SPAC1A6.03c (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O13857-2."
  A Spom972h-SPAC1A6.03c/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9UTJ3-1
  D "A meiotic expression up-regulated protein 1/2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UTJ3-1."
  A meiotic expression up-regulated protein 1/2 isoform SPAC1556.06a (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A meiotic expression up-regulated protein 1/2 isoform SPAC1556.06.1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-meu1/iso:meu1-1
  A meiotic expression up-regulated protein 1/2 isoform meu1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9UTJ3-2
  D "A meiotic expression up-regulated protein 1/2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UTJ3-2."
  A Spom972h-meu1/iso:meu1-2
  A meiotic expression up-regulated protein 1/2 isoform SPAC1556.06.2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A meiotic expression up-regulated protein 1/2 isoform SPAC1556.06b (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A meiotic expression up-regulated protein 1/2 isoform meu2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9USQ5-1
  D "An ornithine decarboxylase antizyme (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9USQ5-1."
  A Spom972h-spa1/iso:1
obo:PR_O13339-1
  D "A telomerase reverse transcriptase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O13339-1."
  A Spom972h-TERT/iso:1
obo:PR_O13339-2
  D "A telomerase reverse transcriptase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O13339-2."
  A Spom972h-TERT/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9UTS5-1
  D "A zinc finger protein zas1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UTS5-1."
  A Spom972h-zas1/iso:1
  A zinc finger protein zas1 isoform zas1B (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9UTS5-2
  D "A zinc finger protein zas1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UTS5-2."
  A Spom972h-zas1/iso:2
  A zinc finger protein zas1 isoform zas1A (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q22227-1
  D "A segment polarity protein dishevelled homolog mig-5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22227-1."
  A mig-5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q22227-2
  D "A segment polarity protein dishevelled homolog mig-5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22227-2."
  A mig-5/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q22227-3
  D "A segment polarity protein dishevelled homolog mig-5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22227-3."
  A mig-5/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q95XP4-1
  D "A semaphorin-2A (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95XP4-1."
  A mab-20/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q95XP4-2
  D "A semaphorin-2A (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95XP4-2."
  A mab-20/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O60187
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the sid4 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-sid4
obo:PR_000044611
  D "A septation initiation protein sid4 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe) that has been phosphorylated at the positions equivalent to Thr-275 and Ser-278 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O60187. Example: UniProtKB:O60187, Thr-275, MOD:00047|Ser-278, MOD:00046."
  A Spom-sid4/Phos:1
obo:PR_000044612
  D "A septation initiation protein sid4 phosphorylated 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe) that includes at least one ubiquitinated lysine. Example: UniProtKB:O60187, Thr-275, MOD:00047|Ser-278, MOD:00046|MOD:01148."
  A Spom-sid4/PhosUbiqLys+
obo:PR_Q20375-1
  D "A serine palmitoyltransferase 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20375-1."
  A sptl-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q20375-2
  D "A serine palmitoyltransferase 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20375-2."
  A sptl-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XVI6-1
  D "A serine palmitoyltransferase 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XVI6-1."
  A bioF/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XVI6-2
  D "A serine palmitoyltransferase 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XVI6-2."
  A bioF/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34528-1
  D "A serine protease K12H4.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34528-1."
  A K12H4.7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34528-2
  D "A serine protease K12H4.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34528-2."
  A K12H4.7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q19469-1
  D "A serine/threonine kinase SAD-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19469-1."
  A sad-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q19469-2
  D "A serine/threonine kinase SAD-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19469-2."
  A sad-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q17941-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase akt-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17941-1."
  A akt-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q17941-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase akt-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17941-2."
  A akt-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q17941-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase akt-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17941-3."
  A akt-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XTG7-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase akt-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XTG7-1."
  A akt-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XTG7-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase akt-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XTG7-2."
  A akt-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9N3Q4-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase ATM (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9N3Q4-1."
  A atm-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9N3Q4-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase ATM (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9N3Q4-2."
  A atm-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q22258-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase ATR (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22258-1."
  A atl-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q22258-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase ATR (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22258-2."
  A atl-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q11090-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase C01C4.3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11090-1."
  A SBK1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q11090-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase C01C4.3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11090-2."
  A SBK1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09170
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase Chk2 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A checkpoint kinase cds1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-CHEK2
obo:PR_000037296
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase cds1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe) that has been phosphorylated on the Thr residue in the second TQ motif by rad3. Example: UniProtKB:Q09170, Thr-11, MOD:00047."
  A Spom-cds1/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q9N3Z3-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase chk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9N3Z3-1."
  A CHEK1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9N3Z3-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase chk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9N3Z3-2."
  A CHEK1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9NB31-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase cst-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NB31-2."
  A STK4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9NB31-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase cst-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NB31-1."
  A STK4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O45818-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase dkf-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O45818-1."
  A dkf-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O45818-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase dkf-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O45818-2."
  A dkf-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O45818-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase dkf-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O45818-3."
  A dkf-2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_O45818-4
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase dkf-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O45818-4."
  A dkf-2/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_O45818-5
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase dkf-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O45818-5."
  A dkf-2/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_O45818-6
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase dkf-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O45818-6."
  A dkf-2/iso:f (worm)
obo:PR_B3WFY8-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase dyf-5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B3WFY8-2."
  A dyf-5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_B3WFY8-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase dyf-5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B3WFY8-1."
  A dyf-5/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_000036915
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase gad8 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe) that has been phosphorylated on a residue equivalent to Ser-546 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9P7J8. Example: UniProtKB:Q9P7J8, Ser-546, MOD:00046."
  A Spom-gad8/Phos:1
obo:PR_G5EGQ3-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase max-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGQ3-2."
  A max-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGQ3-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase max-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGQ3-3."
  A max-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGQ3-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase max-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGQ3-1."
  A max-2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGQ3-4
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase max-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGQ3-4."
  A max-2/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q17850-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase pak-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17850-1."
  A pak-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q17850-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase pak-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17850-2."
  A pak-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q17850-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase pak-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17850-3."
  A pak-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q17850-5
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase pak-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17850-5."
  A pak-1/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_G5EFU0-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase pak-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EFU0-1."
  A pak-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EFU0-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase pak-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EFU0-2."
  A pak-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-1."
  A par-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-2."
  A par-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-3."
  A par-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-4
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-4."
  A par-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-5
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-5."
  A par-1/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-6
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-6."
  A par-1/iso:f (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-7
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-7."
  A par-1/iso:g (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-8
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-8."
  A par-1/iso:h (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-9
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-9."
  A par-1/iso:i (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-10
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-10."
  A par-1/iso:j (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-11
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-11."
  A par-1/iso:k (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TW45-12
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase par-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TW45-12."
  A par-1/iso:l (worm)
obo:PR_P34331-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase plk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34331-2."
  A plk-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34331-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase plk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34331-1."
  A plk-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECQ3-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase sel-5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECQ3-1."
  A sel-5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECQ3-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase sel-5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECQ3-2."
  A sel-5/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q2PJ68-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase sgk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q2PJ68-2."
  A SGK2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q2PJ68-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase sgk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q2PJ68-1."
  A SGK2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O01510-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase smg-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01510-1."
  A smg-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O01510-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase smg-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01510-2."
  A smg-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q03563-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase spk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q03563-1."
  A spk-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q03563-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase spk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q03563-2."
  A spk-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q03563-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase spk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q03563-3."
  A spk-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34314-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase tousled-like 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34314-2."
  A tlk-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34314-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase tousled-like 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34314-1."
  A tlk-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-2."
  A wnk-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-3."
  A wnk-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-4
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-4."
  A wnk-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-5
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-5."
  A wnk-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-6
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-6."
  A wnk-1/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-7
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-7."
  A wnk-1/iso:f (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-8
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-8."
  A wnk-1/iso:g (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-9
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-9."
  A wnk-1/iso:h (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-10
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-10."
  A wnk-1/iso:i (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-11
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-11."
  A wnk-1/iso:j (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-12
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-12."
  A wnk-1/iso:k (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-13
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-13."
  A wnk-1/iso:l (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-14
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-14."
  A wnk-1/iso:m (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-1."
  A wnk-1/iso:n (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-15
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-15."
  A wnk-1/iso:o (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-16
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-16."
  A wnk-1/iso:p (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-17
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-17."
  A wnk-1/iso:q (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-18
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-18."
  A wnk-1/iso:r (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-19
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-19."
  A wnk-1/iso:s (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-20
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-20."
  A wnk-1/iso:t (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-21
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-21."
  A wnk-1/iso:u (worm)
obo:PR_X5M5N0-22
  D "A serine/threonine-protein kinase WNK (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5M5N0-22."
  A wnk-1/iso:v (worm)
obo:PR_O02217-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 2A regulatory subunit rsa-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O02217-1."
  A PPP2R3C/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O02217-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 2A regulatory subunit rsa-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O02217-2."
  A PPP2R3C/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q0G819-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 2B catalytic subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q0G819-2."
  A tax-6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q0G819-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 2B catalytic subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q0G819-3."
  A tax-6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q0G819-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 2B catalytic subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q0G819-1."
  A tax-6/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECH5-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 4 regulatory subunit 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECH5-2."
  A ppfr-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECH5-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 4 regulatory subunit 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECH5-3."
  A ppfr-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECH5-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 4 regulatory subunit 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECH5-1."
  A ppfr-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_B2D6K9-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 6 regulatory subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B2D6K9-2."
  A saps-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_B2D6K9-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 6 regulatory subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B2D6K9-3."
  A saps-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_B2D6K9-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 6 regulatory subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B2D6K9-1."
  A saps-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G5EBX9-1
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase with EF-hands pef-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EBX9-1."
  A pef-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EBX9-2
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase with EF-hands pef-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EBX9-2."
  A pef-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EBX9-3
  D "A serine/threonine-protein phosphatase with EF-hands pef-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EBX9-3."
  A pef-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q20405-1
  D "A serpentine receptor class alpha-10 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20405-1."
  A sra-10/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q20405-2
  D "A serpentine receptor class alpha-10 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20405-2."
  A sra-10/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q20618-1
  D "A serpentine receptor class alpha-13 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20618-1."
  A sra-13/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q20618-2
  D "A serpentine receptor class alpha-13 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20618-2."
  A sra-13/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09344-1
  D "A serpentine receptor class alpha/beta-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09344-1."
  A srab-14/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09344-2
  D "A serpentine receptor class alpha/beta-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09344-2."
  A srab-14/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P91535-2
  D "A serpentine receptor class gamma-20 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P91535-2."
  A srg-20/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P91535-1
  D "A serpentine receptor class gamma-20 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P91535-1."
  A srg-20/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q966L5-1
  D "A serrate RNA effector molecule homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q966L5-1."
  A SRRT/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q966L5-2
  D "A serrate RNA effector molecule homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q966L5-2."
  A SRRT/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34318-1
  D "A SET domain-containing protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34318-1."
  A set-3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34318-2
  D "A SET domain-containing protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34318-2."
  A set-3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P15196-1
  D "A sex hormone-binding globulin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rabbit."
  A rabbit-SHBG/iso:1
obo:PR_P17221-1
  D "A sex-determining protein fem-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P17221-1."
  A fem-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P17221-2
  D "A sex-determining protein fem-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P17221-2."
  A fem-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34708-1
  D "A sex-determining transformer protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34708-1."
  A sex-determining transformer protein 1 isoform Tra-1L (worm)
  A tra-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34708-2
  D "A sex-determining transformer protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34708-2."
  A sex-determining transformer protein 1 isoform Tra-1S (worm)
  A tra-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34709-2
  D "A sex-determining transformer protein 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34709-2."
  A tra-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34709-1
  D "A sex-determining transformer protein 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34709-1."
  A sex-determining transformer protein 2 isoform a (worm)
  A tra-2/iso:Tra-2A (worm)
obo:PR_P34709-3
  D "A sex-determining transformer protein 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34709-3."
  A tra-2/iso:Tra-2B (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TYT3-1
  D "An SHC-transforming protein homolog 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TYT3-1."
  A shc-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TYT3-2
  D "An SHC-transforming protein homolog 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TYT3-2."
  A shc-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TYT3-3
  D "An SHC-transforming protein homolog 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TYT3-3."
  A shc-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_O01498-1
  D "A signal transducing adapter molecule 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01498-1."
  A stam-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O01498-2
  D "A signal transducing adapter molecule 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01498-2."
  A stam-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_B7FAS6-1
  D "A single-stranded DNA-binding protein homolog sam-10 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B7FAS6-1."
  A SSBP2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_B7FAS6-2
  D "A single-stranded DNA-binding protein homolog sam-10 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B7FAS6-2."
  A SSBP2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q86C56-2
  D "A soluble guanylate cyclase gcy-31 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86C56-2."
  A gcy-31/iso:a (worm)
  A soluble guanylate cyclase gcy-31 isoform GCY-31c (worm)
obo:PR_Q86C56-1
  D "A soluble guanylate cyclase gcy-31 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86C56-1."
  A gcy-31/iso:b (worm)
  A soluble guanylate cyclase gcy-31 isoform GCY-31a (worm)
obo:PR_Q86C56-3
  D "A soluble guanylate cyclase gcy-31 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86C56-3."
  A soluble guanylate cyclase gcy-31 isoform GCY-31b (worm)
  A gcy-31/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34619-1
  D "A Sop-2-related protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34619-1."
  A sor-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34619-2
  D "A Sop-2-related protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34619-2."
  A sor-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q8I4E2-2
  D "A sorting nexin lst-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8I4E2-2."
  A lst-4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q8I4E2-3
  D "A sorting nexin lst-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8I4E2-3."
  A lst-4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q8I4E2-1
  D "A sorting nexin lst-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8I4E2-1."
  A lst-4/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q8I4E2-4
  D "A sorting nexin lst-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8I4E2-4."
  A lst-4/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q8I4E2-5
  D "A sorting nexin lst-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8I4E2-5."
  A lst-4/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_Q8I4E2-6
  D "A sorting nexin lst-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8I4E2-6."
  A lst-4/iso:f (worm)
obo:PR_Q8MNV0-3
  D "A spastin homolog spas-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8MNV0-3."
  A spas-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q8MNV0-1
  D "A spastin homolog spas-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8MNV0-1."
  A spas-1/iso:spas-1L (worm)
obo:PR_Q8MNV0-2
  D "A spastin homolog spas-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8MNV0-2."
  A spas-1/iso:spas-1S (worm)
  A spastin homolog spas-1 isoform a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TVY6-1
  D "A sperm transmembrane protein 9 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TVY6-1."
  A spe-9/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TVY6-2
  D "A sperm transmembrane protein 9 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TVY6-2."
  A spe-9/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TYV2-1
  D "A sphingomyelin synthase-related 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TYV2-1."
  A W07E6.3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9TYV2-3
  D "A sphingomyelin synthase-related 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9TYV2-3."
  A W07E6.3/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q20010-1
  D "A spindle assembly abnormal protein 5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20010-1."
  A sas-5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q20010-2
  D "A spindle assembly abnormal protein 5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20010-2."
  A sas-5/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P90978-1
  D "A splicing factor U2AF 65 kDa subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P90978-1."
  A U2AF2/iso:A (worm)
obo:PR_P90978-2
  D "A splicing factor U2AF 65 kDa subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P90978-2."
  A U2AF2/iso:B (worm)
obo:PR_P90978-3
  D "A splicing factor U2AF 65 kDa subunit (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P90978-3."
  A U2AF2/iso:C (worm)
obo:PR_Q09511-1
  D "A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09511-1."
  A rsp-4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09511-2
  D "A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09511-2."
  A rsp-4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q10021-1
  D "A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10021-1."
  A rsp-5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q10021-2
  D "A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10021-2."
  A rsp-5/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q10021-3
  D "A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10021-3."
  A rsp-5/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q10021-4
  D "A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10021-4."
  A rsp-5/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_O01159-1
  D "A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01159-1."
  A SREK1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O01159-2
  D "A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01159-2."
  A SREK1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q19958-2
  D "A stomatin-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19958-2."
  A sto-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q19958-3
  D "A stomatin-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19958-3."
  A sto-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q19958-1
  D "A stomatin-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19958-1."
  A sto-2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q19958-4
  D "A stomatin-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19958-4."
  A sto-2/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_P90761-1
  D "A stoned B-like protein (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P90761-1."
  A unc-41/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P90761-2
  D "A stoned B-like protein (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P90761-2."
  A unc-41/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P90761-3
  D "A stoned B-like protein (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P90761-3."
  A unc-41/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q23272-1
  D "A stress activated transcription factor atfs-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23272-1."
  A atfs-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q23272-2
  D "A stress activated transcription factor atfs-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23272-2."
  A atfs-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q23272-3
  D "A stress activated transcription factor atfs-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23272-3."
  A atfs-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q23272-4
  D "A stress activated transcription factor atfs-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23272-4."
  A atfs-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q8WQG9-1
  D "A stress-activated protein kinase jnk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8WQG9-1."
  A jnk-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q8WQG9-2
  D "A stress-activated protein kinase jnk-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8WQG9-2."
  A jnk-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EF60-1
  D "A stromal interaction molecule 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EF60-1."
  A stim-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EF60-2
  D "A stromal interaction molecule 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EF60-2."
  A stim-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EF60-3
  D "A stromal interaction molecule 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EF60-3."
  A stim-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_O01789-1
  D "A structural maintenance of chromosomes protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01789-1."
  A him-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O01789-2
  D "A structural maintenance of chromosomes protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01789-2."
  A him-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q94225-1
  D "A sulfate permease family protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q94225-1."
  A sulp-3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q94225-2
  D "A sulfate permease family protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q94225-2."
  A sulp-3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34697-1
  D "A superoxide dismutase [Cu-Zn] (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34697-1."
  A sod-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34697-2
  D "A superoxide dismutase [Cu-Zn] (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34697-2."
  A sod-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_C6KRN1-2
  D "A suppressor of aph-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:C6KRN1-2."
  A sao-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_C6KRN1-3
  D "A suppressor of aph-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:C6KRN1-3."
  A sao-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_C6KRN1-1
  D "A suppressor of aph-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:C6KRN1-1."
  A sao-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_C6KRN1-4
  D "A suppressor of aph-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:C6KRN1-4."
  A sao-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q17768-1
  D "A suppressor of presenilin protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17768-1."
  A spr-3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q17768-2
  D "A suppressor of presenilin protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q17768-2."
  A spr-3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O17582-1
  D "A suppressor of presenilin protein 4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O17582-1."
  A spr-4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O17582-2
  D "A suppressor of presenilin protein 4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O17582-2."
  A spr-4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGU9-2
  D "A suppressor of zyg-1 protein 20 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGU9-2."
  A suppressor of zyg-1 protein 20 isoform b (worm)
  A szy-20/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGU9-1
  D "A suppressor of zyg-1 protein 20 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGU9-1."
  A szy-20/iso:f (worm)
  A suppressor of zyg-1 protein 20 isoform a (worm)
obo:PR_P80147
  D "A 4-aminobutyrate aminotransferase, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A pig-ABAT
  A gamma-amino-N-butyrate transaminase (pig)
  A (S)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate transaminase (pig)
  A L-AIBAT (pig)
  A GABA aminotransferase (pig)
  A GABA-T (pig)
  A GABA transaminase (pig)
  A GABA-AT (pig)
obo:PR_Q02110
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the HPD gene in pig."
  A pig-HPD
  A HPPDase (pig)
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid oxidase (pig)
  A 4HPPD (pig)
obo:PR_P19205
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the APEH gene in pig."
  A APH (pig)
  A acyl-peptide hydrolase (pig)
  A acylaminoacyl-peptidase (pig)
  A pig-APEH
  A AARE (pig)
obo:PR_P80276
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the AKR1B1 gene in pig."
  A AR (pig)
  A pig-AKR1B1
obo:PR_P15145
  D "An aminopeptidase N that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A microsomal aminopeptidase (pig)
  A CD13 (pig)
  A pig-ANPEP
  A alanyl aminopeptidase (pig)
  A AP-M (pig)
  A gp130 (pig)
  A pAPN (pig)
  A aminopeptidase M (pig)
  A AP-N (pig)
obo:PR_Q28998
  D "A beta-1 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A beta-1 adrenoreceptor (pig)
  A pig-ADRB1
  A beta-1 adrenoceptor (pig)
obo:PR_Q28997
  D "A beta-2 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A beta-2 adrenoreceptor (pig)
  A beta-2 adrenoceptor (pig)
  A pig-ADRB2
obo:PR_P09955
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the CPB1 gene in pig."
  A pig-CPB1
obo:PR_P24964
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the MT-CYB gene in pig."
  A complex III subunit 3 (pig)
  A ubiquinol-cytochrome-c reductase complex cytochrome b subunit (pig)
  A cytochrome b-c1 complex subunit 3 (pig)
  A complex III subunit III (pig)
  A pig-MT-CYB
obo:PR_P50130
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the DRD1 gene in pig."
  A pig-DRD1
  A dopamine D1 receptor (pig)
obo:PR_P00371
  D "A D-amino-acid oxidase that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A DAMOX (pig)
  A DAAO (pig)
  A pig-DAO
obo:PR_P09623
  D "A dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A pig-DLD
  A dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase (pig)
obo:PR_Q29092
  D "An endoplasmin that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A pig-HSP90B1
  A gp96 homolog (pig)
  A 94 kDa glucose-regulated protein (pig)
  A PPK 98 (pig)
  A GRP-94 (pig)
  A 98 kDa protein kinase (pig)
  A heat shock protein 90 kDa beta member 1 (pig)
  A ppk98 (pig)
obo:PR_P00636
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A FBPase 1 (pig)
  A pig-FBP1
  A liver FBPase (pig)
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase 1 (pig)
obo:PR_P34930
  D "A heat shock 70 kDa protein 1A that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A heat shock 70 kDa protein 1 (pig)
  A HSP70.1 (pig)
  A pig-HSPA1A
obo:PR_Q6S4N2
  D "A heat shock 70 kDa protein 1B that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A HSP70.2 (pig)
  A heat shock 70 kDa protein 2 (pig)
  A pig-HSPA1B
obo:PR_O02705
  D "A heat shock protein HSP 90-alpha that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A pig-HSP90AA1
obo:PR_P00336
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the LDHB gene in pig."
  A LDH heart subunit (pig)
  A LDH-H (pig)
  A pig-LDHB
  A LDH-B (pig)
obo:PR_Q29550
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the CES1 gene in pig."
  A REH (pig)
  A pig-CES1
  A proline-beta-naphthylamidase (pig)
  A retinyl ester hydrolase (pig)
obo:PR_P11708
  D "A malate dehydrogenase, cytoplasmic that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A cytosolic malate dehydrogenase (pig)
  A pig-MDH1
obo:PR_P06199
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the CHRM2 gene in pig."
  A pig-CHRM2
obo:PR_P00690
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the AMY2 gene in pig."
  A pig-AMY2
  A 1,4-alpha-D-glucan glucanohydrolase (pig)
  A PA (pig)
obo:PR_P19156
  D "A potassium-transporting ATPase alpha chain 1 that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A proton pump (pig)
  A pig-ATP4A
  A gastric H(+)/K(+) ATPase subunit alpha (pig)
obo:PR_P26044-1
  D "A moesin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A pig-MSN/iso:1
obo:PR_000044789
  D "A tubulin that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A pig-fam:TUB
obo:PR_P30555
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A AT1 (pig)
  A pig-AGTR1
  A angiotensin II type-1 receptor (pig)
obo:PR_P04185
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the PLAU gene in pig."
  A uPA (pig)
  A pig-PLAU
  A U-plasminogen activator (pig)
obo:PR_P32307
  D "A vasopressin V2 receptor that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A renal-type arginine vasopressin receptor (pig)
  A V2R (pig)
  A AVPR V2 (pig)
  A pig-AVPR2
  A antidiuretic hormone receptor (pig)
obo:PR_A3RGC1
  D "A vitamin D3 receptor that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 receptor (pig)
  A pig-VDR
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 1 group I member 1 (pig)
obo:PR_Q8MNV7-2
  D "A SWI/SNF-related matrix-associated actin-dependent regulator of chromatin subfamily A-like protein 1 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8MNV7-2."
  A SMARCAL1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q8MNV7-3
  D "A SWI/SNF-related matrix-associated actin-dependent regulator of chromatin subfamily A-like protein 1 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8MNV7-3."
  A SMARCAL1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q8MNV7-1
  D "A SWI/SNF-related matrix-associated actin-dependent regulator of chromatin subfamily A-like protein 1 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8MNV7-1."
  A SMARCAL1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_B1Q236-2
  D "A synaptogenesis protein syg-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B1Q236-2."
  A syg-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_B1Q236-1
  D "A synaptogenesis protein syg-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B1Q236-1."
  A syg-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECL2-2
  D "A synaptojanin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECL2-2."
  A SYNJ1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECL2-1
  D "A synaptojanin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECL2-1."
  A SYNJ1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECL2-3
  D "A synaptojanin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECL2-3."
  A SYNJ1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECL2-4
  D "A synaptojanin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECL2-4."
  A SYNJ1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_O16000-2
  D "A syntaxin-1A homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O16000-2."
  A syntaxin-1A homolog isoform syn1a (worm)
  A unc-64/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O16000-1
  D "A syntaxin-1A homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O16000-1."
  A unc-64/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O16000-3
  D "A syntaxin-1A homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O16000-3."
  A unc-64/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q93646-1
  D "A syntrophin-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q93646-1."
  A stn-1/iso:a (worm)
  A syntrophin-1 isoform Alpha (worm)
obo:PR_Q93646-2
  D "A syntrophin-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q93646-2."
  A syntrophin-1 isoform Beta (worm)
  A stn-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q95PX3-2
  D "A T-box protein 7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95PX3-2."
  A tbx-7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q95PX3-1
  D "A T-box protein 7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95PX3-1."
  A tbx-7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q95Q95-1
  D "A target of rapamycin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95Q95-1."
  A MTOR/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q95Q95-2
  D "A target of rapamycin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95Q95-2."
  A MTOR/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P54816-1
  D "A Tat-binding homolog 7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P54816-1."
  A lex-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P54816-2
  D "A Tat-binding homolog 7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P54816-2."
  A lex-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P54816-3
  D "A Tat-binding homolog 7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P54816-3."
  A lex-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGQ6-1
  D "A teneurin-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGQ6-1."
  A teneurin-1 isoform ten-1L (worm)
  A teneurin-1 isoform ten-1a (worm)
  A ten-1/iso:1 (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGQ6-2
  D "A teneurin-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGQ6-2."
  A teneurin-1 isoform ten-1S (worm)
  A teneurin-1 isoform ten-1b (worm)
  A ten-1/iso:2 (worm)
obo:PR_H2L006-2
  D "A tetraspanin-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L006-2."
  A tsp-14/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_H2L006-1
  D "A tetraspanin-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L006-1."
  A tsp-14/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q20255-1
  D "A tetratricopeptide repeat protein 21 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20255-1."
  A ift-139/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q20255-2
  D "A tetratricopeptide repeat protein 21 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20255-2."
  A ift-139/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q8I7G4-1
  D "A tetratricopeptide repeat protein 30 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8I7G4-1."
  A dyf-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q8I7G4-2
  D "A tetratricopeptide repeat protein 30 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8I7G4-2."
  A dyf-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U3N5-2
  D "A thioredoxin reductase-like selenoprotein T homolog selt-1.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U3N5-2."
  A selt-1.1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U3N5-1
  D "A thioredoxin reductase-like selenoprotein T homolog selt-1.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U3N5-1."
  A selt-1.1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09433-1
  D "A thioredoxin-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09433-1."
  A trx-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09433-2
  D "A thioredoxin-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09433-2."
  A trx-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-6
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-6."
  A ttn-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-7
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-7."
  A ttn-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-5
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-5."
  A ttn-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-4
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-4."
  A ttn-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-2
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-2."
  A ttn-1/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-3
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-3."
  A ttn-1/iso:f (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-1
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-1."
  A ttn-1/iso:g (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-8
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-8."
  A ttn-1/iso:h (worm)
obo:PR_G4SLH0-9
  D "A titin homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G4SLH0-9."
  A ttn-1/iso:i (worm)
obo:PR_Q95NU5-2
  D "A torsin-like protein (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95NU5-2."
  A ooc-5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q95NU5-1
  D "A torsin-like protein (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95NU5-1."
  A ooc-5/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q95QQ2-1
  D "A trafficking protein particle complex subunit 13 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95QQ2-1."
  A C56C10.7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q95QQ2-2
  D "A trafficking protein particle complex subunit 13 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95QQ2-2."
  A C56C10.7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q95QQ2-3
  D "A trafficking protein particle complex subunit 13 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95QQ2-3."
  A C56C10.7/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q19849-2
  D "A transcription enhancer factor-like protein egl-44 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19849-2."
  A egl-44/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q19849-1
  D "A transcription enhancer factor-like protein egl-44 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19849-1."
  A egl-44/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q19849-3
  D "A transcription enhancer factor-like protein egl-44 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19849-3."
  A egl-44/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q19849-4
  D "A transcription enhancer factor-like protein egl-44 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19849-4."
  A egl-44/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q19849-6
  D "A transcription enhancer factor-like protein egl-44 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19849-6."
  A egl-44/iso:f (worm)
obo:PR_Q20646-1
  D "A transcription factor cep-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20646-1."
  A cep-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q20646-2
  D "A transcription factor cep-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20646-2."
  A cep-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q966L8-1
  D "A transcription factor che-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q966L8-1."
  A che-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q966L8-2
  D "A transcription factor che-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q966L8-2."
  A che-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q23045-1
  D "A transcription factor egl-13 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23045-1."
  A egl-13/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q23045-2
  D "A transcription factor egl-13 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23045-2."
  A egl-13/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q23045-3
  D "A transcription factor egl-13 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23045-3."
  A egl-13/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q23045-4
  D "A transcription factor egl-13 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23045-4."
  A egl-13/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_O61924-1
  D "A transcription factor elt-7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O61924-1."
  A elt-7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O61924-2
  D "A transcription factor elt-7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O61924-2."
  A elt-7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_A8WFJ9-2
  D "A transcription factor ets-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A8WFJ9-2."
  A ets-4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_A8WFJ9-1
  D "A transcription factor ets-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A8WFJ9-1."
  A ets-4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECG2-2
  D "A transcription factor fos-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECG2-2."
  A fos-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECG2-1
  D "A transcription factor fos-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECG2-1."
  A fos-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECU7-1
  D "A transcription factor jun-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECU7-1."
  A jun-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECU7-2
  D "A transcription factor jun-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECU7-2."
  A jun-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECU7-3
  D "A transcription factor jun-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECU7-3."
  A jun-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECU7-4
  D "A transcription factor jun-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECU7-4."
  A jun-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECU7-5
  D "A transcription factor jun-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECU7-5."
  A jun-1/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_G5ECU7-6
  D "A transcription factor jun-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5ECU7-6."
  A jun-1/iso:f (worm)
obo:PR_O43019
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the sre2 gene in Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A sterol regulatory element-binding protein 2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-sre2
obo:PR_000046672
  D "The N-terminal portion of transcription factor sre2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe) that remains after proteolytic cleavage. This portion represents the functionally active part."
  A sre2 nuclear (Schizosaccharomyces pombe)
  A Spom-sre2/Sre2N
obo:PR_000046671
  D "A transcription factor sre2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe) that has not been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A Spom-sre2/Sre2P
  A sre2 precursor (Schizosaccharomyces pombe)
obo:PR_P13528-2
  D "A transcription factor unc-86 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P13528-2."
  A unc-86/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P13528-1
  D "A transcription factor unc-86 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P13528-1."
  A unc-86/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q10424
  D "A transcription factor zip1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-zip1
obo:PR_000027619
  D "A transcription factor zip1 phosphorylated form in Schizosaccharomyces pombe. Example: UniProtKB:Q10424, MOD:00696."
  A Spom-zip1/PhosRes+
obo:PR_000027621
  D "A transcription factor zip1 ubiquitinated form in Schizosaccharomyces pombe. Ubiquitinated by SCF(Pof1). Example: UniProtKB:Q10424, MOD:01148."
  A Spom-zip1/UbiqLys+
obo:PR_000027617
  D "A transcription factor zip1 unmodified form in Schizosaccharomyces pombe."
  A Spom-zip1/UnMod
obo:PR_000027533
  D "A transcriptional regulator prz1 phosphorylated 1 in Schizosaccharomyces pombe."
  A Spom-prz1/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q19253-1
  D "A transducer of Cdc42-dependent actin assembly protein 1 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19253-1."
  A toca-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q19253-2
  D "A transducer of Cdc42-dependent actin assembly protein 1 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19253-2."
  A toca-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XUS7-2
  D "A transducer of Cdc42-dependent actin assembly protein 2 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XUS7-2."
  A toca-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XUS7-1
  D "A transducer of Cdc42-dependent actin assembly protein 2 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XUS7-1."
  A toca-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34576-1
  D "A transmembrane cell adhesion receptor mua-3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34576-1."
  A mua-3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34576-2
  D "A transmembrane cell adhesion receptor mua-3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34576-2."
  A mua-3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q10917-2
  D "A transporter B0252.3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10917-2."
  A B0252.3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q10917-1
  D "A transporter B0252.3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10917-1."
  A B0252.3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XTQ5-1
  D "A trehalose-phosphatase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XTQ5-1."
  A gob-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XTQ5-2
  D "A trehalose-phosphatase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XTQ5-2."
  A gob-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P10968
  D "An agglutinin isolectin 1 that is encoded in the genome of wheat."
  A isolectin A (wheat)
  A wheat-WGA1
obo:PR_P02876
  D "An agglutinin isolectin 2 that is encoded in the genome of wheat."
  A wheat-WGA2
  A isolectin D (wheat)
obo:PR_P10969
  D "An agglutinin isolectin 3 that is encoded in the genome of wheat."
  A wheat-WGA3
obo:PR_P00068
  D "A cytochrome c that is encoded in the genome of wheat."
  A wheat-CYC
obo:PR_P02876-1
  D "An agglutinin isolectin 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of wheat."
  A wheat-WGA2/iso:1
obo:PR_P00068-1
  D "A cytochrome c isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of wheat."
  A wheat-CYC/iso:1
obo:PR_000025630
  D "A cytochrome c isoform 1 acetylated and trimethylated 1 in wheat. UniProtKB:P00068-1, Ala-1, MOD:00050|Lys-80/Lys-94, MOD:00083."
  A UniProtKB:P00068-1, Ala-1, MOD:00050|Lys-80/Lys-94, MOD:00083
  A wheat-CYC/iso:1/AcMe3:1
obo:PR_Q45EK7-2
  D "A tRNA (uracil-O(2)-)-methyltransferase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q45EK7-2."
  A C23G10.7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q45EK7-3
  D "A tRNA (uracil-O(2)-)-methyltransferase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q45EK7-3."
  A C23G10.7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q45EK7-1
  D "A tRNA (uracil-O(2)-)-methyltransferase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q45EK7-1."
  A C23G10.7/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_O01479-1
  D "A tropomodulin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01479-1."
  A unc-94/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O01479-2
  D "A tropomodulin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01479-2."
  A unc-94/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_000037082
  D "A tropomyosin cdc8 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe) that has not been post-translationally modified to include an acetylated N-terminal methionine."
  A Spom-cdc8/AcRes-
obo:PR_Q09647-1
  D "A tubulin polyglutamylase ttll-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09647-1."
  A TTLL4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09647-2
  D "A tubulin polyglutamylase ttll-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09647-2."
  A TTLL4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q23551-2
  D "A twitchin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23551-2."
  A unc-22/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q23551-1
  D "A twitchin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23551-1."
  A unc-22/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q23551-3
  D "A twitchin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23551-3."
  A unc-22/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q23551-4
  D "A twitchin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23551-4."
  A unc-22/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q23551-5
  D "A twitchin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23551-5."
  A unc-22/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_O02213-1
  D "A tyramine receptor Ser-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O02213-1."
  A ser-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O02213-2
  D "A tyramine receptor Ser-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O02213-2."
  A ser-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O02213-3
  D "A tyramine receptor Ser-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O02213-3."
  A ser-2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_O02213-4
  D "A tyramine receptor Ser-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O02213-4."
  A ser-2/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_O02213-5
  D "A tyramine receptor Ser-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O02213-5."
  A ser-2/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_O02213-6
  D "A tyramine receptor Ser-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O02213-6."
  A ser-2/iso:g (worm)
obo:PR_Q19084-2
  D "A tyramine receptor tyra-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19084-2."
  A tyra-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q19084-3
  D "A tyramine receptor tyra-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19084-3."
  A tyra-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q19084-1
  D "A tyramine receptor tyra-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19084-1."
  A tyra-2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q95ZS2-2
  D "A tyrosine decarboxylase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95ZS2-2."
  A tdc-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q95ZS2-1
  D "A tyrosine decarboxylase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95ZS2-1."
  A tdc-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EE56-1
  D "A tyrosine protein-kinase src-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EE56-1."
  A src-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EE56-2
  D "A tyrosine protein-kinase src-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EE56-2."
  A src-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EE56-3
  D "A tyrosine protein-kinase src-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EE56-3."
  A src-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G5EE56-4
  D "A tyrosine protein-kinase src-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EE56-4."
  A src-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_P03949-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase abl-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P03949-1."
  A ABL1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P03949-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase abl-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P03949-2."
  A ABL1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P03949-3
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase abl-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P03949-3."
  A ABL1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGK5-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase receptor cam-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGK5-1."
  A cam-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGK5-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase receptor cam-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGK5-2."
  A cam-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGK5-3
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase receptor cam-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGK5-3."
  A cam-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_H2KZU7-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase receptor svh-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2KZU7-1."
  A svh-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_H2KZU7-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase receptor svh-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2KZU7-2."
  A svh-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_H2KZU7-3
  D "A tyrosine-protein kinase receptor svh-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2KZU7-3."
  A svh-2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P28191-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28191-1."
  A ptp-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P28191-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28191-2."
  A ptp-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P28191-3
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28191-3."
  A ptp-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P28192-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase 4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28192-1."
  A ptp-4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P28192-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase 4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28192-2."
  A ptp-4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P81299-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase cdc-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P81299-2."
  A cdc-14/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P81299-3
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase cdc-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P81299-3."
  A cdc-14/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P81299-4
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase cdc-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P81299-4."
  A cdc-14/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_P81299-5
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase cdc-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P81299-5."
  A cdc-14/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_P81299-7
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase cdc-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P81299-7."
  A cdc-14/iso:g (worm)
obo:PR_P81299-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase cdc-14 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P81299-1."
  A cdc-14/iso:h (worm)
obo:PR_000027629
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase Clp1 phosphorylated 1 in Schizosaccharomyces pombe. Phosphorylated in RxxS motifs by Sid2 family kinases. Example: UniProtKB:Q9P7H1, Ser-396/Ser-408/Ser-467/Ser-468/Ser-493/Ser-513, MOD:00046."
  A tyrosine-protein phosphatase CDC14 phosphorylated 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe)
  A Spom-clp1/Phos:1
  A Spom-CDC14/Phos:1
obo:PR_000027626
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase Clp1 unmodified form in Schizosaccharomyces pombe."
  A Spom-CDC14/UnMod
  A Spom-clp1/UnMod
  A tyrosine-protein phosphatase CDC14 unmodified form (Schizosaccharomyces pombe)
obo:PR_Q9BMN8-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase Lar-like (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BMN8-1."
  A tyrosine-protein phosphatase Lar-like isoform ptp-3a (worm)
  A ptp-3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9BMN8-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase Lar-like (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BMN8-2."
  A tyrosine-protein phosphatase Lar-like isoform ptp-3b (worm)
  A ptp-3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGU2-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase non-receptor type eak-6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGU2-2."
  A tyrosine-protein phosphatase non-receptor type eak-6 isoform EAK-6S (worm)
  A eak-6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EGU2-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase non-receptor type eak-6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EGU2-1."
  A eak-6/iso:b (worm)
  A tyrosine-protein phosphatase non-receptor type eak-6 isoform EAK-6L (worm)
obo:PR_Q10038-1
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase vhp-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10038-1."
  A vhp-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q10038-2
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase vhp-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10038-2."
  A vhp-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q10038-3
  D "A tyrosine-protein phosphatase vhp-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10038-3."
  A vhp-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q09357-1
  D "A U6 small nuclear RNA (adenine-(43)-N(6))-methyltransferase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09357-1."
  A mett-10/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09357-2
  D "A U6 small nuclear RNA (adenine-(43)-N(6))-methyltransferase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09357-2."
  A mett-10/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EFF7-1
  D "A ubiquilin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EFF7-1."
  A ubql-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EFF7-2
  D "A ubiquilin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EFF7-2."
  A ubql-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EFF7-3
  D "A ubiquilin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EFF7-3."
  A ubql-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34547-1
  D "A ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase 46 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34547-1."
  A usp-46/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34547-2
  D "A ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase 46 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34547-2."
  A usp-46/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09349-3
  D "A ubiquitin conjugation factor E4 ufd-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09349-3."
  A ufd-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09349-1
  D "A ubiquitin conjugation factor E4 ufd-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09349-1."
  A ufd-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09349-4
  D "A ubiquitin conjugation factor E4 ufd-2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09349-4."
  A ufd-2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P49632-1
  D "A ubiquitin-60S ribosomal protein L40 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A UBA52/iso:1 (worm)
obo:PR_P91302-1
  D "A ubiquitin-like protein 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A UBL5/iso:1 (worm)
obo:PR_Q9N2W5-1
  D "A UBX domain-containing protein 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9N2W5-1."
  A ubxn-2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9N2W5-2
  D "A UBX domain-containing protein 2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9N2W5-2."
  A ubxn-2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_H2L056-1
  D "A UBX domain-containing protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L056-1."
  A ubxn-3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_H2L056-2
  D "A UBX domain-containing protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L056-2."
  A ubxn-3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_H2L056-3
  D "A UBX domain-containing protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L056-3."
  A ubxn-3/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_H2L056-4
  D "A UBX domain-containing protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L056-4."
  A ubxn-3/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_H2L056-5
  D "A UBX domain-containing protein 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L056-5."
  A ubxn-3/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_Q564Q1-2
  D "A UDP-glucose 4-epimerase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q564Q1-2."
  A GALE/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q564Q1-1
  D "A UDP-glucose 4-epimerase (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q564Q1-1."
  A GALE/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q22295-2
  D "A UDP-glucuronosyltransferase ugt-50 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22295-2."
  A ugt-50/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q22295-1
  D "A UDP-glucuronosyltransferase ugt-50 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22295-1."
  A ugt-50/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q94218-1
  D "A Ufm1-specific protease (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q94218-1."
  A odr-8/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q94218-2
  D "A Ufm1-specific protease (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q94218-2."
  A odr-8/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34284-2
  D "An uncharacterized F-box/LRR-repeat protein C02F5.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34284-2."
  A FBXL20/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34284-1
  D "An uncharacterized F-box/LRR-repeat protein C02F5.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34284-1."
  A FBXL20/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O01735-1
  D "An uncharacterized MFS-type transporter C09D4.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01735-1."
  A C09D4.1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O01735-2
  D "An uncharacterized MFS-type transporter C09D4.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O01735-2."
  A C09D4.1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q02331-2
  D "An uncharacterized NTE family protein ZK370.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q02331-2."
  A PNPLA7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q02331-1
  D "An uncharacterized NTE family protein ZK370.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q02331-1."
  A PNPLA7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q10937-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein B0310.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10937-1."
  A B0310.1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q10937-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein B0310.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10937-2."
  A B0310.1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q11113-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein C03B1.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11113-2."
  A C03B1.6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q11113-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C03B1.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11113-1."
  A C03B1.6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q11114-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C03B1.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11114-1."
  A C03B1.7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q11114-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein C03B1.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11114-2."
  A C03B1.7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q11181-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein C05D10.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11181-2."
  A C05D10.4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q11181-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C05D10.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11181-1."
  A C05D10.4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q11181-3
  D "An uncharacterized protein C05D10.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q11181-3."
  A C05D10.4/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34352-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C30A5.10 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34352-1."
  A C30A5.10/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34352-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein C30A5.10 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34352-2."
  A C30A5.10/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09255-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C30G12.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09255-1."
  A C30G12.1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09255-3
  D "An uncharacterized protein C30G12.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09255-3."
  A C30G12.1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09259-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C30G12.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09259-1."
  A C30G12.6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09259-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein C30G12.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09259-2."
  A C30G12.6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q18474-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C35A5.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q18474-1."
  A C35A5.6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q18474-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein C35A5.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q18474-2."
  A C35A5.6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09281-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C45G9.10 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09281-1."
  A C45G9.10/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09281-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein C45G9.10 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09281-2."
  A C45G9.10/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09279-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein C45G9.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09279-1."
  A C45G9.6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09279-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein C45G9.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09279-2."
  A C45G9.6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q10033-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein F15G9.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10033-1."
  A F15G9.1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q10033-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein F15G9.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q10033-2."
  A F15G9.1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q19948-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein F32A5.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19948-1."
  A F32A5.4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q19948-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein F32A5.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19948-2."
  A F32A5.4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34444-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein F54C8.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34444-2."
  A F54C8.6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34444-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein F54C8.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34444-1."
  A F54C8.6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34444-3
  D "An uncharacterized protein F54C8.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34444-3."
  A F54C8.6/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34444-4
  D "An uncharacterized protein F54C8.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34444-4."
  A F54C8.6/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_P34445-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein F54C8.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34445-2."
  A ARFIP2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34445-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein F54C8.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34445-1."
  A ARFIP2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09952-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein F59B10.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09952-1."
  A F59B10.4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09952-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein F59B10.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09952-2."
  A F59B10.4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34530-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein M01A8.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34530-1."
  A M01A8.1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34530-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein M01A8.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34530-2."
  A M01A8.1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34530-3
  D "An uncharacterized protein M01A8.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34530-3."
  A M01A8.1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q09424-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein R07G3.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09424-1."
  A R07G3.7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09424-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein R07G3.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09424-2."
  A R07G3.7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9GQ60-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein R08C7.12 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9GQ60-2."
  A R08C7.12/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9GQ60-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein R08C7.12 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9GQ60-1."
  A R08C7.12/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q21890-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein R102.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q21890-2."
  A ltaE/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q21890-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein R102.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q21890-1."
  A ltaE/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q21890-3
  D "An uncharacterized protein R102.4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q21890-3."
  A ltaE/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P32743-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein R107.5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32743-2."
  A R107.5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P32743-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein R107.5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32743-1."
  A R107.5/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34550-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein R10E11.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34550-1."
  A R10E11.6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34550-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein R10E11.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34550-2."
  A R10E11.6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34566-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein T16H12.3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34566-2."
  A T16H12.3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34566-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein T16H12.3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34566-1."
  A T16H12.3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9BPN8-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein Y92H12BR.3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BPN8-1."
  A Y92H12BR.3/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9BPN8-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein Y92H12BR.3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BPN8-2."
  A Y92H12BR.3/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34594-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZC262.2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34594-1."
  A ZC262.2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34594-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZC262.2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34594-2."
  A ZC262.2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09374-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZK177.8 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09374-1."
  A ZK177.8/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09374-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZK177.8 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09374-2."
  A ZK177.8/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34664-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZK652.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34664-1."
  A ZK652.6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34664-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZK652.6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34664-2."
  A ZK652.6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34675-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZK688.5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34675-1."
  A ZK688.5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34675-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZK688.5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34675-2."
  A ZK688.5/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34679-1
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZK757.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34679-1."
  A ZK757.1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34679-2
  D "An uncharacterized protein ZK757.1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34679-2."
  A ZK757.1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q22271-1
  D "An uncoordinated protein 58 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22271-1."
  A unc-58/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q22271-2
  D "An uncoordinated protein 58 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22271-2."
  A unc-58/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q22306-2
  D "A UPF0046 protein T07D4.2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22306-2."
  A T07D4.2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q22306-1
  D "A UPF0046 protein T07D4.2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22306-1."
  A T07D4.2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q22306-3
  D "A UPF0046 protein T07D4.2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q22306-3."
  A T07D4.2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34692-1
  D "A UPF0183 protein T01G9.2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34692-1."
  A T01G9.2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34692-2
  D "A UPF0183 protein T01G9.2 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34692-2."
  A T01G9.2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P30628-1
  D "A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30628-1."
  A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a isoform A (worm)
  A ATP6V0A1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P30628-2
  D "A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30628-2."
  A ATP6V0A1/iso:b (worm)
  A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a isoform B (worm)
obo:PR_P30628-3
  D "A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30628-3."
  A ATP6V0A1/iso:c (worm)
  A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a isoform C (worm)
obo:PR_P30628-4
  D "A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30628-4."
  A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a isoform D (worm)
  A ATP6V0A1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_P30628-5
  D "A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30628-5."
  A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a isoform E (worm)
  A ATP6V0A1/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_P30628-6
  D "A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30628-6."
  A ATP6V0A1/iso:f (worm)
  A V-type proton ATPase 116 kDa subunit a isoform F (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XXU9-1
  D "A V-type proton ATPase subunit C (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XXU9-1."
  A ATP6V1C1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XXU9-2
  D "A V-type proton ATPase subunit C (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XXU9-2."
  A ATP6V1C1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q1ZXS5-2
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 39 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q1ZXS5-2."
  A VPS39/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q1ZXS5-1
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 39 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q1ZXS5-1."
  A VPS39/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q1ZXS5-3
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 39 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q1ZXS5-3."
  A VPS39/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34561-1
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 53 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34561-1."
  A VPS53/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34561-2
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 53 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34561-2."
  A VPS53/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q18319-1
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 55 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q18319-1."
  A C30B5.2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q18319-2
  D "A vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 55 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q18319-2."
  A C30B5.2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P18948-2
  D "A vitellogenin-6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P18948-2."
  A vit-6/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P18948-3
  D "A vitellogenin-6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P18948-3."
  A vit-6/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P18948-1
  D "A vitellogenin-6 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P18948-1."
  A vit-6/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34374-1
  D "A voltage-dependent calcium channel unc-36 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34374-1."
  A unc-36/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34374-2
  D "A voltage-dependent calcium channel unc-36 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34374-2."
  A unc-36/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XXD1-1
  D "A voltage-gated potassium channel subunit kvs-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XXD1-1."
  A kvs-4/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9XXD1-2
  D "A voltage-gated potassium channel subunit kvs-4 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9XXD1-2."
  A kvs-4/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U7D3-1
  D "A warthog protein 5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U7D3-1."
  A wrt-5/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U7D3-2
  D "A warthog protein 5 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U7D3-2."
  A wrt-5/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_D9N129-2
  D "A WD repeat-containing protein 20 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:D9N129-2."
  A WDR20/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_D9N129-1
  D "A WD repeat-containing protein 20 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:D9N129-1."
  A WDR20/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q20059-1
  D "A WD repeat-containing protein 48 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20059-1."
  A WDR48/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q20059-2
  D "A WD repeat-containing protein 48 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20059-2."
  A WDR48/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q20059-3
  D "A WD repeat-containing protein 48 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q20059-3."
  A WDR48/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q23229-2
  D "An XO lethal protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23229-2."
  A xol-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q23229-1
  D "An XO lethal protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23229-1."
  A xol-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q23229-3
  D "An XO lethal protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23229-3."
  A xol-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q23229-4
  D "An XO lethal protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q23229-4."
  A xol-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_P28523
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the ACK2 gene in maize."
  A CK II (maize)
  A CK2-alpha (maize)
  A maize-ACK2
obo:PR_P00056
  D "A cytochrome c that is encoded in the genome of maize."
  A maize-CYC
obo:PR_Q9T0N8
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the CKX1 gene in maize."
  A COX 1 (maize)
  A CKO 1 (maize)
  A maize-CKX1
  A cytokinin oxidase 1 (maize)
obo:PR_P25462
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the GLN2 gene in maize."
  A maize-GLN2
  A GS2 (maize)
  A glutamate--ammonia ligase (maize)
obo:PR_O64411
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the PAO gene in maize."
  A maize-PAO
obo:PR_P00056-1
  D "A cytochrome c isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of maize."
  A maize-CYC/iso:1
obo:PR_Q09477-1
  D "A zinc finger protein dpff-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09477-1."
  A dpff-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q09477-2
  D "A zinc finger protein dpff-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09477-2."
  A dpff-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q09477-3
  D "A zinc finger protein dpff-1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q09477-3."
  A dpff-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34437-1
  D "A zinc finger protein F44E2.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34437-1."
  A F44E2.7/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34437-2
  D "A zinc finger protein F44E2.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34437-2."
  A F44E2.7/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34437-3
  D "A zinc finger protein F44E2.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34437-3."
  A F44E2.7/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_P34437-4
  D "A zinc finger protein F44E2.7 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34437-4."
  A F44E2.7/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q9N4Y9-1
  D "A zinc finger protein-like 1 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9N4Y9-1."
  A ZFPL1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9N4Y9-2
  D "A zinc finger protein-like 1 homolog (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9N4Y9-2."
  A ZFPL1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P34450-1
  D "A zinc finger transcription factor family protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34450-1."
  A ztf-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P34450-2
  D "A zinc finger transcription factor family protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34450-2."
  A ztf-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q21432-1
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-11 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q21432-1."
  A nas-11/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q21432-2
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-11 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q21432-2."
  A nas-11/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q7JLI1-2
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-31 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7JLI1-2."
  A nas-31/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q7JLI1-1
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-31 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7JLI1-1."
  A nas-31/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q93243-1
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-37 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q93243-1."
  A nas-37/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q93243-2
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-37 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q93243-2."
  A nas-37/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P91137-2
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-9 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P91137-2."
  A nas-9/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_P91137-1
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-9 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P91137-1."
  A nas-9/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P91137-3
  D "A zinc metalloproteinase nas-9 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P91137-3."
  A nas-9/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q2WF59-2
  D "A Zyg eleven-related protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q2WF59-2."
  A ZER1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q2WF59-1
  D "A Zyg eleven-related protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q2WF59-1."
  A ZER1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U3F4-1
  D "A zyxin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U3F4-1."
  A zyxin isoform ZYX-1A (worm)
  A zyx-1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U3F4-2
  D "A zyxin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U3F4-2."
  A zyxin isoform ZYX-1B (worm)
  A zyx-1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U3F4-3
  D "A zyxin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U3F4-3."
  A zyx-1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U3F4-4
  D "A zyxin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U3F4-4."
  A zyx-1/iso:d (worm)
obo:PR_Q9U3F4-5
  D "A zyxin (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9U3F4-5."
  A zyx-1/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_B2RYN3
  D "A eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1 epsilon-1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A RCG43901 (rat)
  A protein Eef1e1 (rat)
  A rEEF1E1
obo:PR_Q9D1M4
  D "A eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1 epsilon-1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A elongation factor p18 (mouse)
  A mEEF1E1
  A multisynthase complex auxiliary component p18 (mouse)
obo:PR_000038131
  D "A eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1 epsilon-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O43324-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EEF1E1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019739
  D "A eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1 epsilon-1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EEF1E1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9D1M4-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1 epsilon-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEEF1E1/iso:1
obo:PR_000027324
  D "A eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1 epsilon-1, initiator methionine removed form in human. Example: UniProtKB:O43324-1, 2-174."
  A hEEF1E1/InitMet-
obo:PR_P48024
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A protein translation factor SUI1 homolog (mouse)
  A eIF1 (mouse)
  A mEIF1
obo:PR_000039428
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41567-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF1/iso:1
obo:PR_P48024-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF1/iso:1
obo:PR_P41567-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q60872
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEif1a
  A eIF-1A (mouse)
obo:PR_P47813
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1A, X-chromosomal that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF-1A X isoform (human)
  A hEIF1AX
obo:PR_000039511
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1A, X-chromosomal that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47813-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF1AX/iso:1
obo:PR_P47813-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1A, X-chromosomal isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF1AX/iso:1
obo:PR_O60739
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1b that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF1B
  A protein translation factor SUI1 homolog GC20 (human)
  A eIF1b (human)
obo:PR_000038274
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1b that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O60739-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF1B/iso:1
obo:PR_O60739-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1b isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF1B/iso:1
obo:PR_P41374
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 1 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit alpha (fruit fly)
  A fly-EIF2S1
  A eIF-2-alpha (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q6ZWX6
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eIF-2-alpha (mouse)
  A eIF-2alpha (mouse)
  A mEIF2S1
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit alpha (mouse)
obo:PR_000026238
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6ZWX6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF2S1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6ZWX6-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF2S1/iso:1
obo:PR_P41375
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit beta (fruit fly)
  A eIF-2-beta (fruit fly)
  A fly-EIF2S2
obo:PR_P20042
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit beta (human)
  A hEIF2S2
  A eIF-2-beta (human)
obo:PR_Q99L45
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eIF-2-beta (mouse)
  A mEIF2S2
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit beta (mouse)
obo:PR_Q21230
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF-2-beta (worm)
  A EIF2S2 (worm)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit beta (worm)
obo:PR_000026236
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q99L45-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF2S2/iso:1
obo:PR_P56329
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EIF2S2
  A eIF-2-beta (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P09064
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A eIF-2-beta (yeast)
  A yEIF2S2
obo:PR_000036242
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 that is N-terminal Met acetylated in human. UniProtKB:P20042, Met-1, MOD:00058."
  A UniProtKB:P20042, Met-1, MOD:00058
  A hEIF2S2/Ac:1
obo:PR_P20042-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF2S2/iso:1
obo:PR_000047267
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P20042, 2-333."
  A PRO_0000137406
  A hEIF2S2/InitMet-
  A UniProtKB:P20042, 2-333
obo:PR_Q99L45-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF2S2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9BQI3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2-alpha kinase 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A heme-regulated inhibitor (human)
  A hEIF2AK1
  A heme-controlled repressor (human)
  A HCR (human)
  A hemin-sensitive initiation factor 2-alpha kinase (human)
  A heme-regulated eukaryotic initiation factor eIF-2-alpha kinase (human)
obo:PR_Q63185
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2-alpha kinase 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A heme-regulated eukaryotic initiation factor eIF-2-alpha kinase (rat)
  A heme-controlled repressor (rat)
  A rEIF2AK1
  A heme-regulated inhibitor (rat)
  A HCR (rat)
  A hemin-sensitive initiation factor 2-alpha kinase (rat)
obo:PR_Q9BQI3-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2-alpha kinase 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQI3-1."
  A hEIF2AK1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9BQI3-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2-alpha kinase 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQI3-2."
  A hEIF2AK1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9NIV1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2-alpha kinase 3 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A PRKR-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (fruit fly)
  A fly-EIF2AK3
  A PERK (fruit fly)
  A DmPEK
obo:PR_Q9Z1Z1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2-alpha kinase 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEIF2AK3
  A PRKR-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (rat)
  A pancreatic eIF2-alpha kinase (rat)
obo:PR_Q19192
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2-alpha kinase 3 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A PRKR-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (worm)
  A PEK (worm)
  A EIF2AK3 (worm)
  A PERK (worm)
  A CePEK
obo:PR_Q9VNX8
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2A that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-EIF2A
  A eIF-2A (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q19052
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2A that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF-2A (worm)
  A EIF2A (worm)
obo:PR_000019756
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2A that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF2A/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q19052-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2A (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19052-1."
  A EIF2A/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q19052-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2A (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19052-2."
  A EIF2A/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9LD55
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-EIF3A
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 large subunit (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 10 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A eIF3a (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A eIF-3-theta (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q86B20
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 10 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A eIF3a (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EIF3A
obo:PR_Q14152
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF3a (human)
  A eIF3 p180 (human)
  A eIF3 p167 (human)
  A hEIF3A
  A eIF3 p185 (human)
  A eIF-3-theta (human)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 10 (human)
obo:PR_O74760
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A eIF3 p110 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 110 kDa subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A translation initiation factor eIF3, p110 subunit (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-EIF3A
  A eIF3a (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P34339
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 10 (worm)
  A EIF3A (worm)
  A eIF3a (worm)
  A egg-laying defective protein 45 (worm)
obo:PR_P38249
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 110 kDa subunit homolog (yeast)
  A translation initiation factor eIF3, p110 subunit homolog (yeast)
  A eIF3 p110 (yeast)
  A eIF3a (yeast)
  A yEIF3A
obo:PR_000019759
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3A/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q14152-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14152-1."
  A hEIF3A/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q14152-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14152-2."
  A hEIF3A/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9C5Z1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit B that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-EIF3B
  A eIF3 p110 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A eIF-3-eta (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A eIF3b (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q54QW1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit B that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A eIF3b (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EIF3B
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 9 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q0E940
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit B that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 9 (fruit fly)
  A fly-EIF3B
obo:PR_P55884
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF3 p116 (human)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 9 (human)
  A eIF-3-eta (human)
  A hEIF3B
  A eIF3b (human)
  A Prt1 homolog (human)
  A hPrt1
obo:PR_Q9C5Z1-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit B (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9C5Z1-1."
  A At-EIF3B/iso:1
obo:PR_P55884-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P55884-1."
  A hEIF3B/iso:h1
obo:PR_P55884-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P55884-2."
  A hEIF3B/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q54X97
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit C that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-Eif3c
  A eIF3c (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 8 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q8R1B4
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit C that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eIF3 p110 (mouse)
  A eIF3c (mouse)
  A mEif3c
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 8 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q6PFQ2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit C that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A eIF3c (zebrafish)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 8 (zebrafish)
  A z-Eif3c
obo:PR_000042007
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit C that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8R1B4-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Eif3c/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8R1B4-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit C isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEif3c/iso:1
obo:PR_B5DFC8-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit C isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEif3c/iso:1
obo:PR_Q554U9
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit D that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A eIF3d (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A eIF-3-zeta (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EIF3D
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 7 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_O70194
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit D that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 7 (mouse)
  A eIF3 p66 (mouse)
  A mEIF3D
  A eIF-3-zeta (mouse)
  A eIF3d (mouse)
obo:PR_000038067
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit D that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15371-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3D/iso:1
obo:PR_O70194-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit D isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF3D/iso:1
obo:PR_O15371-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit D isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF3D/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6AYK8-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit D isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEIF3D/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9C5Z3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A INT-6 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-EIF3E
  A AtEIF3E-1
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 6 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A eIF3e (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A AtINT6
obo:PR_Q5ZLA5
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A eIF3e (chicken)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 6 (chicken)
  A chick-EIF3E
obo:PR_Q54CC5
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 6 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EIF3E
  A eIF3e (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_P60229
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 6 (mouse)
  A eIF3e (mouse)
  A viral integration site protein INT-6 (mouse)
  A MMTV integration site 6 (mouse)
  A eIF-3 p48 (mouse)
  A mammary tumor-associated protein INT-6 (mouse)
  A mEIF3E
obo:PR_O61820
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF3e (worm)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 6 (worm)
  A EIF3E (worm)
obo:PR_000039884
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P60228-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3E/iso:1
obo:PR_000019760
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3E/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q1LUA8
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 6-B (zebrafish)
  A z-EIF3E
  A eIF3e-B (zebrafish)
obo:PR_P60229-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF3E/iso:1
obo:PR_Q1LUA8-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E-B (zebrafish) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q1LUA8-1."
  A z-EIF3E/iso:1
obo:PR_Q1LUA8-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E-B (zebrafish) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q1LUA8-2."
  A z-EIF3E/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9DCH4
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eIF3 p47 (mouse)
  A eIF3f (mouse)
  A deubiquitinating enzyme eIF3f (mouse)
  A mEIF3F
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 5 (mouse)
  A eIF-3-epsilon (mouse)
obo:PR_000025798
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O00303-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3F/iso:1
obo:PR_000019761
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3F/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9DCH4-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF3F/iso:1
obo:PR_O00303-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF3F/iso:1
obo:PR_000025799
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F isoform 1 that has been phosphorylated on Ser and/or Thr residues by CDK11-related proteins."
  A EIF3F/iso:1/Phos:1
obo:PR_000025838
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F isoform 1 that has not been subjected to any co- or post-translational residue modification or peptide bond cleavage."
  A EIF3F/iso:1/UnMod
obo:PR_000025800
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F isoform 1 CDK11-phosphorylated form in which the phosphorylation occurs by CDK11B isoform SV1 (ALpha 2-1). UniProtKB:O00303-1, Ser-46, MOD:00046|Thr-119, MOD:00047."
  A UniProtKB:O00303-1, Ser-46, MOD:00046|Thr-119, MOD:00047
  A hEIF3F/iso:1/Phos:1
obo:PR_000025839
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F isoform 1 unmodified form in human."
  A hEIF3F/iso:1/UnMod
obo:PR_000026572
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit F isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3F/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q54WM4
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A eIF-3 RNA-binding subunit (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 4 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 RNA-binding subunit (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A eIF3g (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EIF3G
obo:PR_O75821
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF3g (human)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 RNA-binding subunit (human)
  A hEIF3G
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 4 (human)
  A eIF-3-delta (human)
  A eIF3 p42 (human)
  A eIF3 p44 (human)
  A eIF-3 RNA-binding subunit (human)
obo:PR_Q5RK09
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 RNA-binding subunit (rat)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 4 (rat)
  A eIF3 p44 (rat)
  A eIF3g (rat)
  A eIF-3-delta (rat)
  A eIF-3 RNA-binding subunit (rat)
  A rEIF3G
  A eIF3 p42 (rat)
obo:PR_Q19706
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF3g (worm)
  A EIF3G (worm)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 4 (worm)
  A eIF-3 RNA-binding subunit (worm)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 RNA-binding subunit (worm)
obo:PR_Q6DRC4
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 4 (zebrafish)
  A eIF-3 RNA-binding subunit (zebrafish)
  A z-EIF3G
  A eIF3g (zebrafish)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 RNA-binding subunit (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000038391
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75821-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3G/iso:1
obo:PR_000019762
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3G/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q5RK09-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEIF3G/iso:1
obo:PR_Q19706-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19706-1."
  A EIF3G/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q19706-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q19706-2."
  A EIF3G/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_O75821-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit G isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF3G/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5ZLE6
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit H that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-EIF3H
  A eIF3 p40 subunit (chicken)
  A eIF3h (chicken)
  A eIF-3-gamma (chicken)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 3 (chicken)
obo:PR_O15372
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit H that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF3h (human)
  A hEIF3H
  A eIF3 p40 subunit (human)
  A eIF-3-gamma (human)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 3 (human)
obo:PR_Q9UT48
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit H that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A eIF3h (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-EIF3H
obo:PR_O01974
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit H that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF3h (worm)
  A EIF3H (worm)
obo:PR_000038068
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit H that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15372-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3H/iso:1
obo:PR_O15372-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit H isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF3H/iso:1
obo:PR_Q91WK2-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit H isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF3H/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6P9U8-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit H isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEIF3H/iso:1
obo:PR_Q54MT0
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit I that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A eIF-3-beta (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A eIF3i (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 2 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EIF3I
obo:PR_O02195
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit I that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A eIF-3-beta (fruit fly)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 2 (fruit fly)
  A TRIP-1 homolog (fruit fly)
  A fly-EIF3I
obo:PR_Q13347
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit I that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF3 p36 (human)
  A eIF3i (human)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 2 (human)
  A TGF-beta receptor-interacting protein 1 (human)
  A TRIP-1 (human)
  A eIF-3-beta (human)
  A hEIF3I
obo:PR_P79083
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit I that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A eIF-3 39 kDa subunit homolog (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 39 kDa subunit homolog (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A eIF3 p39 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-EIF3I
  A eIF3i (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A suppressor of uncontrolled mitosis 1 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q965S8
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit I that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF3i (worm)
  A EIF3I (worm)
obo:PR_000040415
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit I that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13347-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3I/iso:1
obo:PR_Q13347-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit I isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF3I/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9QZD9-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit I isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF3I/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5ZKA4
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A eIF3 p35 (chicken)
  A eIF-3-alpha (chicken)
  A eIF3j (chicken)
  A chick-EIF3J
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 1 (chicken)
obo:PR_O75822
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF3 p35 (human)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 1 (human)
  A eIF-3-alpha (human)
  A hEIF3J
  A eIF3j (human)
obo:PR_Q05775
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A eIF-3 30 kDa (yeast)
  A eIF3j (yeast)
  A yEIF3J
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 30 kDa subunit (yeast)
obo:PR_000019763
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3J/InitMet-
obo:PR_O75822-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75822-1."
  A hEIF3J/iso:h1
obo:PR_O75822-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75822-2."
  A hEIF3J/iso:h2
obo:PR_O75822-3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75822-3."
  A hEIF3J/iso:h3
obo:PR_000045612
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J (human) that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Ser-127 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75822-1. Example: UniProtKB:O75822-1, Ser-127, MOD:00046."
  A hEIF3J/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q3UGC7
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J-A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eIF-3-alpha-A (mouse)
  A mEif3j1
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 1-A (mouse)
  A eIF3j-A (mouse)
obo:PR_Q66JS6
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit J-B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 1-B (mouse)
  A eIF-3-alpha-B (mouse)
  A eIF3j-B (mouse)
  A mEif3j2
obo:PR_Q9SZA3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-EIF3K
  A eIF-3 p25 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A eIF3k (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q9W2D9
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A eIF-3 p25 (fruit fly)
  A fly-EIF3K
obo:PR_Q9DBZ5
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF3K
  A eIF-3 p25 (mouse)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 12 (mouse)
  A eIF3k (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9XUP3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A EIF3K (worm)
  A eIF-3 p25 (worm)
  A eIF3k (worm)
obo:PR_Q567V6
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A eIF-3 p25 (zebrafish)
  A eIF3k (zebrafish)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 12 (zebrafish)
  A z-EIF3K
obo:PR_000043835
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UBQ5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3K/iso:1
obo:PR_000019764
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3K/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9DBZ5-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9DBZ5-2."
  A mEIF3K/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9DBZ5-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit K isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF3K/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5F428
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A eIF3l (chicken)
  A chick-EIF3L
obo:PR_Q9Y262
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 6-interacting protein (human)
  A eIF3l (human)
  A hEIF3L
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E-interacting protein (human)
obo:PR_Q95QW0
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF3l (worm)
  A EIF3L (worm)
obo:PR_Q7T2A5
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-EIF3L
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 6-interacting protein (zebrafish)
  A eIF3l (zebrafish)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit E-interacting protein (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000044102
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y262-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3L/iso:1
obo:PR_000019765
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3L/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q5F428-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-EIF3L/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9Y262-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y262-2."
  A hEIF3L/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q95QW0-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95QW0-1."
  A EIF3L/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q95QW0-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q95QW0-2."
  A EIF3L/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q9Y262-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit L isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF3L/iso:1
obo:PR_Q94261
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF3m (worm)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M (worm)
  A signalosome subunit 7 (worm)
  A COP9 signalosome complex subunit 7 (worm)
  A EIF3M (worm)
obo:PR_Q7JVI3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A transport and Golgi organization protein 7 (fruit fly)
  A fly-EIF3M
  A tango-7 (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q7L2H7
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fetal lung protein B5 (human)
  A hFL-B5
  A eIF3m (human)
  A hEIF3M
  A PCI domain-containing protein 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q99JX4
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A PCI domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
  A mEIF3M
  A eIF3m (mouse)
obo:PR_Q09722
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EIF3M
  A eIF3m (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_000041342
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L2H7-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF3M/iso:1
obo:PR_000019766
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF3M/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q7L2H7-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L2H7-2."
  A hEIF3M/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q99JX4-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF3M/iso:1
obo:PR_Q7L2H7-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit M isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF3M/iso:1
obo:PR_Q04637
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF-4G1 (human)
  A eIF-4-gamma 1 (human)
  A eIF-4G 1 (human)
  A hEIF4G1
obo:PR_Q6NZJ6
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eIF-4G1 (mouse)
  A eIF-4-gamma 1 (mouse)
  A mEIF4G1
  A eIF-4G 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q04637-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q04637-1."
  A hEIF4G1/iso:A
obo:PR_Q04637-3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q04637-3."
  A hEIF4G1/iso:B
obo:PR_Q04637-4
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q04637-4."
  A hEIF4G1/iso:C
obo:PR_Q04637-5
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q04637-5."
  A hEIF4G1/iso:D
obo:PR_Q04637-6
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q04637-6."
  A hEIF4G1/iso:E
obo:PR_Q04637-7
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q04637-7."
  A hEIF4G1/iso:h7
obo:PR_Q04637-8
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q04637-8."
  A hEIF4G1/iso:h8
obo:PR_Q04637-9
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q04637-9."
  A hEIF4G1/iso:h9
obo:PR_Q6NZJ6-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6NZJ6-1."
  A mEIF4G1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q6NZJ6-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6NZJ6-2."
  A mEIF4G1/iso:m2
obo:PR_P78344
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF-4G 2 (human)
  A death-associated protein 5 (human)
  A eIF-4-gamma 2 (human)
  A hEIF4G2
  A eIF4G 2 (human)
obo:PR_Q62448
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A translation repressor NAT1 (mouse)
  A eIF-4G 2 (mouse)
  A eIF4G 2 (mouse)
  A eIF-4-gamma 2 (mouse)
  A novel APOBEC-1 target 1 (mouse)
  A mEIF4G2
obo:PR_P78344-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P78344-1."
  A hEIF4G2/iso:h1
obo:PR_P78344-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P78344-2."
  A hEIF4G2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q62448-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q62448-1."
  A mEIF4G2/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q62448-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q62448-2."
  A mEIF4G2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q86AY8
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma 3 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-EIF4G3
obo:PR_Q8BGD9
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF4B
  A eIF-4B (mouse)
obo:PR_000039101
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4B that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P23588-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF4B/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BGD9-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF4B/iso:1
obo:PR_P63073
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mRNA cap-binding protein (mouse)
  A eIF-4F 25 kDa subunit (mouse)
  A eIF4E (mouse)
  A mEIF4E
  A eIF-4E (mouse)
obo:PR_P63074
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEIF4E
  A eIF4E (rat)
  A mRNA cap-binding protein (rat)
  A eIF-4E (rat)
  A eIF-4F 25 kDa subunit (rat)
obo:PR_000038694
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P06730-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF4E/iso:1
obo:PR_000019768
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF4E/InitMet-
obo:PR_P63073-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF4E/iso:1
obo:PR_000045850
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E (mouse) that has been phosphorylated at Ser-209. UniProtKB:P63073, Ser-209, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:P63073, Ser-209, MOD:00046
  A mEIF4E/Phos:1
obo:PR_P06730-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF4E/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9EST3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E transporter that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E nuclear import factor 1 (mouse)
  A mEIF4ENIF1
  A 4E-T (mouse)
  A eIF4E transporter (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9EST3-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E transporter (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9EST3-1."
  A mEIF4ENIF1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q9EST3-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E transporter (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9EST3-2."
  A mEIF4ENIF1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q3UTA9
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 1B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A oocyte-specific eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-like (mouse)
  A mEIF4E1B
obo:PR_Q9PW28
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 1B that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-EIF4E1B
  A eIF4E-1B (zebrafish)
  A eIF4E (zebrafish)
obo:PR_Q3UTA9-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 1B (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UTA9-1."
  A mEIF4E1B/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q3UTA9-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 1B (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UTA9-2."
  A mEIF4E1B/iso:m2
obo:PR_000038260
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O60573-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF4E2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q22888
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 2 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A eIF4E-4 (worm)
  A EIF4E2 (worm)
  A eIF-4E-4 (worm)
obo:PR_Q9FK59
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 2 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A novel cap-binding protein (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-EIF4E2
  A nCBP (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q8N5X7
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF-4E type 3 (human)
  A eIF4E-3 (human)
  A eIF-4E3 (human)
  A hEIF4E3
  A eIF4E type 3 (human)
obo:PR_Q66HY7
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 3 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A eIF4E type 3 (zebrafish)
  A eIF-4E type 3 (zebrafish)
  A eIF-4E3 (zebrafish)
  A eIF4E-3 (zebrafish)
  A z-EIF4E3
obo:PR_Q8N5X7-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N5X7-1."
  A hEIF4E3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8N5X7-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E type 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N5X7-2."
  A hEIF4E3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q60876
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A phosphorylated heat- and acid-stable protein regulated by insulin 1 (mouse)
  A eIF4E-binding protein 1 (mouse)
  A PHAS-I (mouse)
  A 4E-BP1 (mouse)
  A mEIF4EBP1
obo:PR_Q62622
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEIF4EBP1
  A PHAS-I (rat)
  A phosphorylated heat- and acid-stable protein regulated by insulin 1 (rat)
  A 4E-BP1 (rat)
  A eIF4E-binding protein 1 (rat)
obo:PR_000026204
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13541-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF4EBP1/iso:1
obo:PR_000035489
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 that has been post-translationally modified by BUB1."
  A EIF4EBP1/Phos:1
obo:PR_000019769
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF4EBP1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q6PFS8
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-EIF4EBP1
obo:PR_000029018
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 isoform 1 phosphorylated 2 in rat. UniProtKB:Q62622-1, Ser-64, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:Q62622-1, Ser-64, MOD:00046
  A rEIF4EBP1/iso:1/Phos:2
obo:PR_Q60876-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF4EBP1/iso:1
obo:PR_000029017
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 isoform 1 that has been phosphorylated by MAP kinases. Example: UniProtKB:Q62622-1, Ser-64, MOD:00046."
  A EIF4EBP1/iso:1/Phos:2
obo:PR_000026578
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF4EBP1/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_000040445
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13542-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF4EBP2/iso:1
obo:PR_O60516
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A 4E-BP3 (human)
  A eIF4E-binding protein 3 (human)
  A hEIF4EBP3
obo:PR_Q80VV3
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A 4E-BP3 (mouse)
  A mEIF4EBP3
  A eIF4E-binding protein 3 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q15056
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF4H
  A Williams-Beuren syndrome chromosomal region 1 protein (human)
  A eIF-4H (human)
obo:PR_Q9WUK2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A Williams-Beuren syndrome chromosomal region 1 protein homolog (mouse)
  A eIF-4H (mouse)
  A mEIF4H
obo:PR_000040585
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q15056-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF4H/iso:1
obo:PR_000040586
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q15056-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF4H/iso:2
obo:PR_000019770
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF4H/InitMet-
obo:PR_O45781
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A EIF4H (worm)
obo:PR_Q9WUK2-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF4H/iso:Long
obo:PR_Q9WUK2-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF4H/iso:Short
obo:PR_Q15056-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF4H/iso:Long
obo:PR_Q15056-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF4H/iso:Short
obo:PR_000047271
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4H (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q15056, 2-248."
  A hEIF4H/InitMet-
  A UniProtKB:Q15056, 2-248
  A PRO_0000081619
obo:PR_P55010
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF5
  A eIF-5 (human)
obo:PR_P59325
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF5
  A eIF-5 (mouse)
obo:PR_P38431
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yEIF5
  A eIF-5 (yeast)
obo:PR_P38431-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5 (yeast) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P38431-1."
  A yEIF5/iso:Long
obo:PR_P38431-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5 (yeast) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P38431-2."
  A yEIF5/iso:Short
obo:PR_P63241
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF5A
  A Rev-binding factor (human)
  A eIF-4D (human)
  A eIF-5A-1 (human)
  A eIF-5A1 (human)
  A eIF-5A (human)
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 5A isoform 1 (human)
obo:PR_P63242
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eIF-5A (mouse)
  A eIF-5A-1 (mouse)
  A mEIF5A
  A eIF-4D (mouse)
  A eIF-5A1 (mouse)
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 5A isoform 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q3T1J1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A eIF-5A-1 (rat)
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 5A isoform 1 (rat)
  A eIF-5A1 (rat)
  A rEIF5A
  A eIF-5A (rat)
  A eIF-4D (rat)
obo:PR_000040082
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P63241-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF5A/iso:1
obo:PR_000019771
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EIF5A/InitMet-
obo:PR_P63241-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P63241-2."
  A hEIF5A/iso:2
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 isoform A (human)
obo:PR_000047272
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P63241, 2-154."
  A UniProtKB:P63241, 2-154
  A hEIF5A/InitMet-
  A PRO_0000142451
obo:PR_P63241-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 isoform B (human)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 isoform D (human)
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 isoform C (human)
  A hEIF5A/iso:1
obo:PR_P63242-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF5A/iso:1
obo:PR_Q3T1J1-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEIF5A/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6IS14
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-1-like that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF5AL1
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 5A isoform 1-like (human)
  A eIF-5A1-like (human)
  A eIF-5A-1-like (human)
obo:PR_Q07460
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-2 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 5A isoform 2 (chicken)
  A eIF-5A-2 (chicken)
  A eIF-5A2 (chicken)
  A chick-EIF5A2
obo:PR_Q9GZV4
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF-5A-2 (human)
  A hEIF5A2
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 5A isoform 2 (human)
  A eIF-5A2 (human)
obo:PR_Q8BGY2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A eIF-5A2 (mouse)
  A mEIF5A2
  A eIF-5A-2 (mouse)
  A eukaryotic initiation factor 5A isoform 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_000043188
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9GZV4-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF5A2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q07460-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-EIF5A2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9GZV4-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF5A2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BGY2-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEIF5A2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q54XP6
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5B that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-EIF5B
  A eIF-5B (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_O60841
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A eIF-5B (human)
  A hEIF5B
  A translation initiation factor IF-2 (human)
obo:PR_B2GUV7
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5B that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A annexin V-binding protein ABP-7 (rat)
  A eIF-5B (rat)
  A translation initiation factor IF-2 (rat)
  A rEIF5B
obo:PR_P39730
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5B that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yEIF5B
  A translation initiation factor IF-2 (yeast)
  A eIF-5B (yeast)
obo:PR_Q551M2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A eIF-6 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EIF6
obo:PR_P56538
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-EIF6
  A eIF-6 (fruit fly)
obo:PR_P56537
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A B4 integrin interactor (human)
  A B(2)GCN homolog (human)
  A hEIF6
  A eIF-6 (human)
  A p27(BBP) (human)
obo:PR_Q3KRD8
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A eIF-6 (rat)
  A rEIF6
obo:PR_O62106
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A EIF6 (worm)
  A eIF-6 (worm)
obo:PR_000039823
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P56537-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EIF6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9M060
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-EIF6
  A AteIF-6;2
obo:PR_P56538-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-EIF6/iso:1
obo:PR_P56537-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEIF6/iso:1
obo:PR_P56537-2
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P56537-2."
  A hEIF6/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q3KRD8-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEIF6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6ZM19-1
  D "A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-EIF6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H3H1
  D "A eukaryotic tRNA dimethylallyltransferase that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A IPTase (human)
  A isopentenyl-diphosphate:tRNA isopentenyltransferase (human)
  A tRNA isopentenyltransferase 1 (human)
  A IPPT (human)
  A hTRIT1
  A hGRO1
  A IPP transferase (human)
obo:PR_Q9UT75
  D "A eukaryotic tRNA dimethylallyltransferase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A IPTase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A IPPT (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A IPP transferase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A isopentenyl-diphosphate: tRNA isopentenyltransferase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-TRIT1
  A tRNA isopentenyltransferase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P07884
  D "A eukaryotic tRNA dimethylallyltransferase that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yTRIT1
  A IPP transferase (yeast)
  A isopentenyl-diphosphate: tRNA isopentenyltransferase (yeast)
  A IPTase (yeast)
  A IPPT (yeast)
  A tRNA isopentenyltransferase (yeast)
  A DMATase (yeast)
obo:PR_000043263
  D "A eukaryotic tRNA dimethylallyltransferase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H3H1-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TRIT1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H3H1-1
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hTRIT1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H3H1-2
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H3H1-2."
  A hTRIT1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9H3H1-3
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H3H1-3."
  A hTRIT1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9H3H1-4
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H3H1-4."
  A hTRIT1/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q9H3H1-5
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H3H1-5."
  A hTRIT1/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q9H3H1-6
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H3H1-6."
  A hTRIT1/iso:h6
obo:PR_000049548
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase (human) that has had the transit peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9H3H1, 48-467."
  A hTRIT1/TransPep-
  A PRO_0000019023
  A UniProtKB:Q9H3H1, 48-467
obo:PR_P07884-1
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase (yeast) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P07884-1."
  A yTRIT1/iso:I
obo:PR_P07884-2
  D "A tRNA dimethylallyltransferase (yeast) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P07884-2."
  A yTRIT1/iso:II
obo:PR_Q9Y606
  D "A eukaryotic tRNA pseudouridine synthase A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A tRNA-uridine isomerase I (human)
  A tRNA pseudouridylate synthase I (human)
  A hPUS1
  A tRNA pseudouridine(38-40) synthase (human)
obo:PR_Q9WU56
  D "A eukaryotic tRNA pseudouridine synthase A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A tRNA pseudouridine(38-40) synthase (mouse)
  A tRNA-uridine isomerase I (mouse)
  A tRNA pseudouridylate synthase I (mouse)
  A mPUS1
obo:PR_Q9Y606-1
  D "A tRNA pseudouridine synthase A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y606-1."
  A hPUS1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9Y606-2
  D "A tRNA pseudouridine synthase A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y606-2."
  A hPUS1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9WU56-1
  D "A tRNA pseudouridine synthase A (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9WU56-1."
  A mPUS1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q9WU56-2
  D "A tRNA pseudouridine synthase A (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9WU56-2."
  A mPUS1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9WU56-3
  D "A tRNA pseudouridine synthase A (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9WU56-3."
  A mPUS1/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q9WU56-4
  D "A tRNA pseudouridine synthase A (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9WU56-4."
  A mPUS1/iso:m4
obo:PR_P11832
  D "A eukaryotic-type nitrate reductase that is a translation product of the NIA1 gene in Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-NR1
  A NR1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_P11035
  D "A eukaryotic-type nitrate reductase that is a translation product of the NIA2 gene in Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A NR2 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-NR2
obo:PR_000037421
  D "A nitrate reductase [NADH] 2 (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is phosphorylated on a Ser residue within the hinge region preceding the Oxidoreductase FAD-binding domain (Pfam:PF00970) in Arabidopsis thaliana. UniProtKB:P11035, Ser-627, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:P11035, Ser-627, MOD:00046
  A At-NR2/Phos:1
obo:PR_000037422
  D "A nitrate reductase [NADH] 2 (Arabidopsis thaliana) that lacks phosphorylation on a Ser residue within the hinge region preceding the Oxidoreductase FAD-binding domain (Pfam:PF00970) in Arabidopsis thaliana. UniProtKB:P11035, Ser-627, PR:000026291."
  A At-NR2/UnPhos:1
  A UniProtKB:P11035, Ser-627, PR:000026291
obo:PR_000039475
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase C that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P45877-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PPIC/iso:1
obo:PR_P30412
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase C that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A PPIase C (mouse)
  A rotamase C (mouse)
  A cyclophilin C (mouse)
  A mPPIC
obo:PR_O49605
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase C that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A cyclophilin-21-1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A PPIase CYP21-1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A cyclophilin of 21 kDa 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-PPIC
obo:PR_P45877-1
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase C isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hPPIC/iso:1
obo:PR_P30412-1
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase C isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mPPIC/iso:1
obo:PR_000040338
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase D that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08752-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PPID/iso:1
obo:PR_000021048
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase D that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A PPID/InitMet-
obo:PR_P53691
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase D that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yPPID
  A PPIase CPR6 (yeast)
  A rotamase CPR6 (yeast)
obo:PR_Q9C566
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase D that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A cyclophilin-40 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A PPIase CYP40 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A rotamase CYP40 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A protein SQUINT (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-PPID
  A cyclophilin of 40 kDa (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q08752
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase D that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CYP-40 (human)
  A 40 kDa peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase (human)
  A rotamase D (human)
  A hPPID
  A cyclophilin-40 (human)
  A cyclophilin-related protein (human)
  A PPIase D (human)
obo:PR_Q9CR16
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase D that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CYP-40 (mouse)
  A PPIase D (mouse)
  A cyclophilin-40 (mouse)
  A mPPID
  A 40 kDa peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase (mouse)
  A rotamase D (mouse)
obo:PR_Q08752-1
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase D isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hPPID/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9CR16-1
  D "A eukaryotic-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase D isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mPPID/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96CN4
  D "An EVI5-like protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEVI5L
  A ecotropic viral integration site 5-like protein (human)
obo:PR_Q96CN4-1
  D "An EVI5-like protein (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96CN4-1."
  A hEVI5L/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q96CN4-2
  D "An EVI5-like protein (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96CN4-2."
  A hEVI5L/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9BQ95
  D "An evolutionarily conserved signaling intermediate in Toll pathway, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A protein SITPEC (human)
  A hECSIT
obo:PR_Q9QZH6
  D "An evolutionarily conserved signaling intermediate in Toll pathway, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mECSIT
  A protein SITPEC (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9BQ95-1
  D "An evolutionarily conserved signaling intermediate in Toll pathway, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQ95-1."
  A hECSIT/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9BQ95-2
  D "An evolutionarily conserved signaling intermediate in Toll pathway, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQ95-2."
  A hECSIT/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9BQ95-3
  D "An evolutionarily conserved signaling intermediate in Toll pathway, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQ95-3."
  A hECSIT/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9BQ95-4
  D "An evolutionarily conserved signaling intermediate in Toll pathway, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQ95-4."
  A hECSIT/iso:h4
obo:PR_000047241
  D "An evolutionarily conserved signaling intermediate in Toll pathway, mitochondrial (human) that has had the transit peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9BQ95, 49-431."
  A UniProtKB:Q9BQ95, 49-431
  A PRO_0000291985
  A hECSIT/TransPep-
obo:PR_P06864
  D "An evolved beta-galactosidase subunit alpha that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-ebgA
obo:PR_P0AC73
  D "An evolved beta-galactosidase subunit beta that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-ebgC
obo:PR_Q9NY74
  D "An Ewing's tumor-associated antigen 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hETAA1
  A Ewing's tumor-associated antigen 16 (human)
obo:PR_P56564
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A GLAST-1 (mouse)
  A mSLC1A3
  A sodium-dependent glutamate/aspartate transporter 1 (mouse)
  A GluT-1 (mouse)
  A glial high affinity glutamate transporter (mouse)
  A solute carrier family 1 member 3 (mouse)
obo:PR_000030143
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 1 that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Ser-512 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P56564. Example: UniProtKB:P56564, Ser-512, MOD:00046."
  A SLC1A3/Phos:1
obo:PR_000030144
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 1 phosphorylated 1 in mouse. UniProtKB:P56564, Ser-512, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:P56564, Ser-512, MOD:00046
  A mSLC1A3/Phos:1
obo:PR_P43006
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A GLT-1 (mouse)
  A mSLC1A2
  A solute carrier family 1 member 2 (mouse)
  A sodium-dependent glutamate/aspartate transporter 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_P31596
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A GLUT-R (rat)
  A rSLC1A2
  A solute carrier family 1 member 2 (rat)
  A GLT-1 (rat)
  A sodium-dependent glutamate/aspartate transporter 2 (rat)
obo:PR_P43006-1
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P43006-1."
  A mSLC1A2/iso:mGlt-1
obo:PR_P43006-2
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P43006-2."
  A mSLC1A2/iso:mGlt-1A
obo:PR_P43006-3
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P43006-3."
  A mSLC1A2/iso:mGlt-1B
obo:PR_P31596-2
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 2 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P31596-2."
  A rSLC1A2/iso:rGlt-1A
obo:PR_P31596-1
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 2 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P31596-1."
  A rSLC1A2/iso:rGlt1
obo:PR_000039688
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P51906-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SLC1A1/iso:1
obo:PR_P48664
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hSLC1A6
  A sodium-dependent glutamate/aspartate transporter (human)
  A solute carrier family 1 member 6 (human)
obo:PR_O35921
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A solute carrier family 1 member 6 (rat)
  A sodium-dependent glutamate/aspartate transporter (rat)
  A high-affinity neuronal glutamate transporter (rat)
  A rSLC1A6
obo:PR_000038099
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O35544-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SLC1A6/iso:1
obo:PR_P48664-1
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48664-1."
  A hSLC1A6/iso:h1
obo:PR_P48664-2
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48664-2."
  A hSLC1A6/iso:h2
obo:PR_O35921-1
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rSLC1A6/iso:1
obo:PR_O35544-1
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mSLC1A6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8JZR4
  D "An excitatory amino acid transporter 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mSLC1A7
  A solute carrier family 1 member 7 (mouse)
obo:PR_000029024
  D "An exfoliative toxin A that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A eta/SigPep-
obo:PR_000029026
  D "An exfoliative toxin B that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A etb/SigPep-
obo:PR_000043035
  D "An exocrine differentiation and proliferation factor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9CR37-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PPDPF/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H3Y8
  D "An exocrine differentiation and proliferation factor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A exocrine differentiation and proliferation factor (human)
  A hPPDPF
obo:PR_Q9H3Y8-1
  D "A pancreatic progenitor cell differentiation and proliferation factor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H3Y8-1."
  A hPPDPF/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9H3Y8-2
  D "A pancreatic progenitor cell differentiation and proliferation factor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H3Y8-2."
  A hPPDPF/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q54NV1
  D "An exocyst complex component 1 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-EXOC1
  A exocyst complex component Sec3 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q20678
  D "An exocyst complex component 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A exocyst complex component Sec3 (worm)
  A EXOC1 (worm)
obo:PR_000043584
  D "An exocyst complex component 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NV70-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOC1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019815
  D "An exocyst complex component 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EXOC1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q8R3S6-1
  D "An exocyst complex component 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOC1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q54VX5
  D "An exocyst complex component 2 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-EXOC2
  A exocyst complex component Sec5 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q9VQQ9
  D "An exocyst complex component 2 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-EXOC2
  A exocyst complex component Sec5 (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q96KP1
  D "An exocyst complex component 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOC2
  A exocyst complex component Sec5 (human)
obo:PR_O54921
  D "An exocyst complex component 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rSec5
  A rEXOC2
  A exocyst complex component Sec5 (rat)
obo:PR_Q54BP6
  D "An exocyst complex component 3 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A exocyst complex component Sec6 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EXOC3
obo:PR_Q19262
  D "An exocyst complex component 3 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A exocyst complex component Sec6 (worm)
  A EXOC3 (worm)
obo:PR_000041168
  D "An exocyst complex component 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6KAR6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOC3/iso:1
obo:PR_O74846
  D "An exocyst complex component 3 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EXOC3
obo:PR_P32844
  D "An exocyst complex component 3 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yEXOC3
obo:PR_Q86VI1
  D "An exocyst complex component 3-like protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOC3L1
  A protein Jiangli (human)
obo:PR_Q8BI71
  D "An exocyst complex component 3-like protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOC3L1
obo:PR_A2AV37
  D "An exocyst complex component 3-like protein that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-EXOC3L1
obo:PR_Q2M3D2
  D "An exocyst complex component 3-like protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A HBV XAg-transactivated protein 7 (human)
  A HBV X-transactivated gene 7 protein (human)
  A hEXOC3L2
obo:PR_Q17RC7
  D "An exocyst complex component 3-like protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOC3L4
obo:PR_Q6DIA2
  D "An exocyst complex component 3-like protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOC3L4
obo:PR_Q54P76
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A exocyst complex component Sec8 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EXOC4
obo:PR_Q9XWS2
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A exocyst complex component Sec8 (worm)
  A EXOC4 (worm)
obo:PR_000038090
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O35382-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOC4/iso:1
obo:PR_000019816
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EXOC4/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q93YU5
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A exocyst complex component 4 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A AtSec8
  A At-EXOC4
obo:PR_O74562
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EXOC4
obo:PR_P32855
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yEXOC4
obo:PR_O35382-1
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOC4/iso:1
obo:PR_000047335
  D "An exocyst complex component 4 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q96A65, 2-974."
  A PRO_0000118934
  A UniProtKB:Q96A65, 2-974
  A hEXOC4/InitMet-
obo:PR_B0G163
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A exocyst complex component Sec10 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EXOC5
obo:PR_P97878
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A exocyst complex component Sec10 (rat)
  A rEXOC5
  A 71 kDa component of rsec6/8 secretory complex (rat)
obo:PR_Q18406
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A EXOC5 (worm)
  A exocyst complex component Sec10 (worm)
obo:PR_000037929
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O00471-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOC5/iso:1
obo:PR_O13705
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EXOC5
obo:PR_Q06245
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yEXOC5
obo:PR_X5JA13
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A AtSec10a
  A At-EXOC5
obo:PR_O00471-1
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOC5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q3TPX4-1
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOC5/iso:1
obo:PR_P97878-1
  D "An exocyst complex component 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEXOC5/iso:1
obo:PR_X5JA13-1
  D "An exocyst complex component SEC10a (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:X5JA13-1."
  A At-EXOC5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9VDE6
  D "An exocyst complex component 6B that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A exocyst complex component Sec15 (fruit fly)
  A fly-EXOC6B
obo:PR_Q18286
  D "An exocyst complex component 6B that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A EXOC6B (worm)
  A exocyst complex component Sec15 (worm)
obo:PR_Q9Y2D4
  D "An exocyst complex component 6B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A SEC15-like protein 2 (human)
  A exocyst complex component Sec15B (human)
  A hEXOC6B
obo:PR_O75006
  D "An exocyst complex component 6B that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EXOC6B
obo:PR_P22224
  D "An exocyst complex component 6B that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yEXOC6B
obo:PR_Q9Y2D4-1
  D "An exocyst complex component 6B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y2D4-1."
  A hEXOC6B/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9Y2D4-2
  D "An exocyst complex component 6B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y2D4-2."
  A hEXOC6B/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q558Z9
  D "An exocyst complex component 7 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A exocyst complex component Exo70 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EXOC7
obo:PR_Q9VSJ8
  D "An exocyst complex component 7 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-EXOC7
  A exocyst complex component Exo70 (fruit fly)
obo:PR_000044046
  D "An exocyst complex component 7 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UPT5-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOC7/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9UPT5-2
  D "An exocyst complex component 7 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOC7/iso:2
obo:PR_O35250-2
  D "An exocyst complex component 7 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOC7/iso:2
obo:PR_000041215
  D "An exocyst complex component 8 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PGF7-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOC8/iso:1
obo:PR_P38261
  D "An exocyst complex component 8 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A exocyst complex protein of 84 kDa (yeast)
  A yEXOC8
  A U1 SNP1-associating protein 3 (yeast)
obo:PR_P0AEK0
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 10 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-exoX
  A exodeoxyribonuclease X (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Exo X (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A exonuclease X (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_Q2YL15
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 7 large subunit that is encoded in the genome of Brucella abortus 2308."
  A exonuclease VII large subunit (Brucella abortus 2308)
  A exodeoxyribonuclease VII large subunit (Brucella abortus 2308)
  A xseA (BRUA2)
obo:PR_C0RLR7
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 7 large subunit that is encoded in the genome of Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457."
  A exodeoxyribonuclease VII large subunit (Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457)
  A exonuclease VII large subunit (Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457)
  A xseA (BRUMB)
obo:PR_A5VV55
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 7 large subunit that is encoded in the genome of Brucella ovis ATCC 25840."
  A exodeoxyribonuclease VII large subunit (Brucella ovis ATCC 25840)
  A xseA (BRUO2)
  A exonuclease VII large subunit (Brucella ovis ATCC 25840)
obo:PR_A9WZ60
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 7 large subunit that is encoded in the genome of Brucella suis ATCC 23445."
  A exodeoxyribonuclease VII large subunit (Brucella suis ATCC 23445)
  A xseA (BRUSI)
  A exonuclease VII large subunit (Brucella suis ATCC 23445)
obo:PR_A5I309
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 7 large subunit that is encoded in the genome of Clostridium botulinum A str. Hall."
  A exodeoxyribonuclease VII large subunit (Clostridium botulinum A str. Hall)
  A exonuclease VII large subunit (Clostridium botulinum A str. Hall)
  A xseA (CLOBH)
obo:PR_P04994
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 7 large subunit that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A exodeoxyribonuclease VII large subunit (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A exonuclease VII large subunit (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-xseA
obo:PR_P0A8G9
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 7 small subunit that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A exonuclease VII small subunit (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-xseB
  A exodeoxyribonuclease VII small subunit (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_000024827
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 7 small subunit that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A xseB/InitMet-
obo:PR_P15032
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease 8 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-recE
  A EXO VIII (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A exodeoxyribonuclease VIII (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P04995
  D "An exodeoxyribonuclease I that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A exonuclease I (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A DNA deoxyribophosphodiesterase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A dRPase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A ExoI (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-sbcB
obo:PR_Q9C1S9
  D "An exoglucanase-6A that is encoded in the genome of Humicola insolens."
  A avicelase 2 (Humicola insolens)
  A beta-glucancellobiohydrolase 6A (Humicola insolens)
  A 1,4-beta-cellobiohydrolase 6A (Humicola insolens)
  A exocellobiohydrolase 6A (Humicola insolens)
  A CEL6A (HUMIN)
obo:PR_Q8L6Z7
  D "An exonuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-EXO1
obo:PR_Q24558
  D "An exonuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-EXO1
  A exonuclease I (fruit fly)
  A protein tosca (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q9UQ84
  D "An exonuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXO1
  A hExoI
  A hExo1
  A exonuclease I (human)
obo:PR_Q9QZ11
  D "An exonuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A exonuclease I (mouse)
  A mEXO1
  A mExo1
obo:PR_O62245
  D "An exonuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A EXO1 (worm)
obo:PR_Q8L6Z7-1
  D "An exonuclease 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8L6Z7-1."
  A At-EXO1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8L6Z7-2
  D "An exonuclease 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8L6Z7-2."
  A At-EXO1/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9UQ84-1
  D "An exonuclease 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UQ84-1."
  A hEXO1/iso:h1
  A exonuclease 1 isoform B (human)
obo:PR_Q9UQ84-4
  D "An exonuclease 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UQ84-4."
  A hEXO1/iso:h2
  A exonuclease 1 isoform A (human)
obo:PR_Q9NVH0
  D "An exonuclease 3'-5' domain-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A exonuclease 3'-5' domain-like-containing protein 2 (human)
  A hEXD2
obo:PR_Q8VEG4
  D "An exonuclease 3'-5' domain-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A exonuclease 3'-5' domain-like-containing protein 2 (mouse)
  A mEXD2
obo:PR_Q9NVH0-1
  D "An exonuclease 3'-5' domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVH0-1."
  A hEXD2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9NVH0-2
  D "An exonuclease 3'-5' domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVH0-2."
  A hEXD2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8VEG4-1
  D "An exonuclease 3'-5' domain-containing protein 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VEG4-1."
  A mEXD2/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8VEG4-2
  D "An exonuclease 3'-5' domain-containing protein 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VEG4-2."
  A mEXD2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8IX06
  D "An exonuclease GOR that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A RNA exonuclease 1 homolog-like 1 (human)
  A hREXO1L1P
  A antigen GOR homolog (human)
obo:PR_Q9VIF1
  D "An exonuclease mut-7 homolog that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A exonuclease 3'-5' domain-containing protein 3 homolog (fruit fly)
  A protein nibbler (fruit fly)
  A fly-EXD3
obo:PR_Q9H790
  D "An exonuclease V that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hExo5
  A hEXO5
  A Exo V (human)
  A defects in morphology protein 1 homolog (human)
obo:PR_000043312
  D "An exonuclease V that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H790-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXO5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H790-1
  D "An exonuclease V isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXO5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9CXP9-1
  D "An exonuclease V isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXO5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8NEV8
  D "An exophilin-5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A Slp homolog lacking C2 domains b (human)
  A synaptotagmin-like protein homolog lacking C2 domains b (human)
  A SlaC2-b (human)
  A hEXPH5
obo:PR_Q8NEV8-1
  D "An exophilin-5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NEV8-1."
  A hEXPH5/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8NEV8-2
  D "An exophilin-5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NEV8-2."
  A hEXPH5/iso:h2
obo:PR_P0AFL6
  D "An exopolyphosphatase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A metaphosphatase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A exopolyPase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-ppx
obo:PR_000024663
  D "An exopolyphosphatase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A ppx/InitMet-
obo:PR_P38698
  D "An exopolyphosphatase PRUNE1 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A metaphosphatase (yeast)
  A ExopolyPase (yeast)
  A yPRUNE1
obo:PR_Q8BIW1
  D "An exopolyphosphatase PRUNE1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mPRUNE1
  A PRUNEM1 (mouse)
obo:PR_000041579
  D "An exopolyphosphatase PRUNE1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BIW1-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PRUNE1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BIW1-1
  D "An exopolyphosphatase PRUNE1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mPRUNE1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6AYG3-1
  D "An exopolyphosphatase PRUNE1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rPRUNE1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9DAA6
  D "An exosome complex component CSL4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC1
  A exosome component 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_O59821
  D "An exosome complex component CSL4 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EXOSC1
obo:PR_000044182
  D "An exosome complex component CSL4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y3B2-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOSC1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9DAA6-1
  D "An exosome complex component CSL4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9DAA6-2
  D "An exosome complex component CSL4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9DAA6-2."
  A mEXOSC1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9P7R3
  D "An exosome complex component MTR3 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EXOSC6
obo:PR_Q6P0I8
  D "An exosome complex component MTR3 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A exosome component 6 (zebrafish)
  A z-EXOSC6
  A mRNA transport regulator 3 homolog (zebrafish)
obo:PR_A2RVK7
  D "An exosome complex component MTR3 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A protein SLOWER GROWTH (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 41-like (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-EXOSC6
obo:PR_Q8VBV3
  D "An exosome complex component RRP4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC2
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 4 (mouse)
  A exosome component 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9ZVT7
  D "An exosome complex component RRP4 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-EXOSC2
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 4 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A AtRrp4p
  A AtRRP4
  A F15K9.4 protein (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A ribosomal RNA processing protein 4 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_000040480
  D "An exosome complex component RRP4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13868-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOSC2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q13868-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOSC2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8VBV3-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NQT5
  D "An exosome complex component RRP40 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A exosome component 3 (human)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 40 (human)
  A hEXOSC3
obo:PR_Q7TQK4
  D "An exosome complex component RRP40 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 40 (mouse)
  A exosome component 3 (mouse)
  A mEXOSC3
obo:PR_000019817
  D "An exosome complex component RRP40 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EXOSC3/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9NQT5-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP40 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NQT5-1."
  A hEXOSC3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9NQT5-2
  D "An exosome complex component RRP40 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NQT5-2."
  A hEXOSC3/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047337
  D "An exosome complex component RRP40 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q9NQT5, 2-275."
  A hEXOSC3/InitMet-
  A UniProtKB:Q9NQT5, 2-275
  A PRO_0000087131
obo:PR_Q9NPD3
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOSC4
  A exosome component 4 (human)
  A p12A (human)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 41 (human)
obo:PR_Q921I9
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC4
  A exosome component 4 (mouse)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 41 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q17533
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 41 (worm)
  A EXOSC4 (worm)
obo:PR_Q9SP08
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A AtRRP41
  A At-EXOSC4
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 41 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A AtRrp41p
obo:PR_000043471
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NPD3-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOSC4/iso:1
obo:PR_000019818
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EXOSC4/InitMet-
obo:PR_O42872
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-EXOSC4
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 41 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9NPD3-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOSC4/iso:1
obo:PR_000047338
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q9NPD3, 2-245."
  A UniProtKB:Q9NPD3, 2-245
  A PRO_0000139958
  A hEXOSC4/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q921I9-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP41 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q15024
  D "An exosome complex component RRP42 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOSC7
  A exosome component 7 (human)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 42 (human)
obo:PR_000040575
  D "An exosome complex component RRP42 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q15024-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOSC7/iso:1
obo:PR_000019819
  D "An exosome complex component RRP42 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A EXOSC7/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q54VM4
  D "An exosome complex component RRP42 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 42 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A exosome component 7 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-EXOSC7
obo:PR_Q9D0M0
  D "An exosome complex component RRP42 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC7
  A exosome component 7 (mouse)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 42 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q15024-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP42 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOSC7/iso:1
obo:PR_000047339
  D "An exosome complex component RRP42 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q15024, 2-291."
  A PRO_0000139963
  A UniProtKB:Q15024, 2-291
  A hEXOSC7/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9D0M0-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP42 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC7/iso:1
obo:PR_000042437
  D "An exosome complex component RRP43 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96B26-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOSC8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9D753-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP43 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8T4A9
  D "An exosome complex component RRP45 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A rrp45, isoform B (fruit fly)
  A fly-EXOSC9
  A rrp45, isoform A (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q06265
  D "An exosome complex component RRP45 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOSC9
  A exosome component 9 (human)
  A PM/Scl-75 (human)
  A autoantigen PM/Scl 1 (human)
  A P75 polymyositis-scleroderma overlap syndrome-associated autoantigen (human)
  A polymyositis/scleroderma autoantigen 75 kDa (human)
  A polymyositis/scleroderma autoantigen 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q5XJQ5
  D "An exosome complex component RRP45 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-EXOSC9
  A exosome component 9 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_Q55BJ2
  D "An exosome complex component RRP45 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-EXOSC9
obo:PR_Q06265-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP45 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q06265-1."
  A exosome complex component RRP45 isoform PM/SCL-75c-alpha (human)
  A hEXOSC9/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q06265-2
  D "An exosome complex component RRP45 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q06265-2."
  A hEXOSC9/iso:h2
  A exosome complex component RRP45 isoform PM/SCL-75c-beta (human)
obo:PR_Q06265-3
  D "An exosome complex component RRP45 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q06265-3."
  A exosome complex component RRP45 isoform PM/SCL-75a-alpha (human)
  A hEXOSC9/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q06265-4
  D "An exosome complex component RRP45 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q06265-4."
  A exosome complex component RRP45 isoform PM/SCL-75a-beta (human)
  A hEXOSC9/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q9NQT4
  D "An exosome complex component RRP46 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A exosome component 5 (human)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 46 (human)
  A p12B (human)
  A chronic myelogenous leukemia tumor antigen 28 (human)
  A hEXOSC5
obo:PR_Q9CRA8
  D "An exosome complex component RRP46 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 46 (mouse)
  A mEXOSC5
  A exosome component 5 (mouse)
obo:PR_O42894
  D "An exosome complex component RRP46 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 46 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-EXOSC5
obo:PR_P53256
  D "An exosome complex component RRP46 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 46 (yeast)
  A yEXOSC5
obo:PR_000043501
  D "An exosome complex component RRP46 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NQT4-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXOSC5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9LX74
  D "An exosome complex component RRP46 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-EXOSC5
  A exosome component 5 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 46 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q9CRA8-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP46 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXOSC5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NQT4-1
  D "An exosome complex component RRP46 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXOSC5/iso:1
obo:PR_P37202
  D "An exosome complex exonuclease RRP44 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-DIS3
  A mitotic control protein dis3 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A chromosome disjunction protein 3 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 44 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q9Y2L1
  D "An exosome complex exonuclease RRP44 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A protein DIS3 homolog (human)
  A hDIS3
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 44 (human)
obo:PR_Q9SHL7
  D "An exosome complex exonuclease RRP44 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A ribosomal RNA-processing protein 44A (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-DIS3
  A protein EMBRYO DEFECTIVE 2763 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A RRP44 homolog A (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A AtRRP44A
obo:PR_000044136
  D "An exosome complex exonuclease RRP44 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y2L1-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DIS3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9Y2L1-1
  D "An exosome complex exonuclease RRP44 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hDIS3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9Y2L1-2
  D "An exosome complex exonuclease RRP44 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y2L1-2."
  A hDIS3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9SHL7-1
  D "An exosome complex exonuclease RRP44 homolog A (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9SHL7-1."
  A At-DIS3/iso:1
obo:PR_P56960
  D "An exosome component 10 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A polymyositis/scleroderma autoantigen 2 homolog (mouse)
  A mEXOSC10
  A autoantigen PM/Scl 2 homolog (mouse)
obo:PR_000021487
  D "An exosome RNA helicase MTR4 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A MTREX/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q23223
  D "An exosome RNA helicase MTR4 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A uncharacterized helicase W08D2.7 (worm)
  A MTREX (worm)
obo:PR_P97464
  D "An exostosin-1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A multiple exostoses protein 1 homolog (mouse)
  A mEXT1
obo:PR_000040695
  D "An exostosin-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q16394-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXT1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5IGR8
  D "An exostosin-1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A glucuronosyl-N-acetylglucosaminyl-proteoglycan/N-acetylglucosaminyl-proteoglycan 4-alpha-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase 1a (zebrafish)
  A multiple exostoses protein 1 homolog a (zebrafish)
  A z-EXT1
obo:PR_Q16394-1
  D "An exostosin-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXT1/iso:1
obo:PR_P97464-1
  D "An exostosin-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXT1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9Y169
  D "An exostosin-2 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A protein sister of tout-velu (fruit fly)
  A fly-EXT2
obo:PR_Q93063
  D "An exostosin-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A multiple exostoses protein 2 (human)
  A hEXT2
  A tumor suppressor protein EXT2 (human)
obo:PR_P70428
  D "An exostosin-2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXT2
  A multiple exostoses protein 2 homolog (mouse)
obo:PR_000042375
  D "An exostosin-2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q93063-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EXT2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q93063-1
  D "An exostosin-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hEXT2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q93063-2
  D "An exostosin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q93063-2."
  A hEXT2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q93063-3
  D "An exostosin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q93063-3."
  A hEXT2/iso:h3
obo:PR_P70428-1
  D "An exostosin-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEXT2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9JKV7
  D "An exostosin-like 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A multiple exostosis-like protein (mouse)
  A glucuronosyl-N-acetylglucosaminyl-proteoglycan 4-alpha-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase (mouse)
  A mEXTL1
  A exostosin-L (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9XZ08
  D "An exostosin-like 3 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-EXTL3
  A protein brother of tout-velu (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q9WVL6
  D "An exostosin-like 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A multiple exostosis-like protein 3 (mouse)
  A mEXTL3
obo:PR_Q6QR59
  D "An experimental autoimmune prostatitis antigen 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A experimental autoimmune prostatitis antigen 2 (mouse)
  A mEapa2
obo:PR_Q54EV7
  D "An exportin-1 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-XPO1
  A Exp1 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q9TVM2
  D "An exportin-1 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A protein embargoed (fruit fly)
  A fly-XPO1
  A chromosome region maintenance 1 protein (fruit fly)
obo:PR_P30822
  D "An exportin-1 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A chromosome region maintenance protein 1 (yeast)
  A yXPO1
  A karyopherin-124 (yeast)
obo:PR_000038030
  D "An exportin-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O14980-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A XPO1/iso:1
obo:PR_O14980-1
  D "An exportin-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hXPO1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q80U96-1
  D "An exportin-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rXPO1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q54E36
  D "An exportin-2 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Exp2 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-CSE1L
  A importin-alpha re-exporter (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_P55060
  D "An exportin-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A Exp2 (human)
  A chromosome segregation 1-like protein (human)
  A hCSE1L
  A importin-alpha re-exporter (human)
  A cellular apoptosis susceptibility protein (human)
obo:PR_Q9ERK4
  D "An exportin-2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A Exp2 (mouse)
  A chromosome segregation 1-like protein (mouse)
  A mCSE1L
  A importin-alpha re-exporter (mouse)
obo:PR_000039783
  D "An exportin-2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P55060-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CSE1L/iso:1
obo:PR_O13671
  D "An exportin-2 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A cellular apoptosis susceptibility protein homolog (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-CSE1L
obo:PR_P55060-1
  D "An exportin-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A exportin-2 isoform A (human)
  A hCSE1L/iso:1
obo:PR_P55060-2
  D "An exportin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P55060-2."
  A hCSE1L/iso:h2
obo:PR_P55060-3
  D "An exportin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P55060-3."
  A hCSE1L/iso:h3
obo:PR_P55060-4
  D "An exportin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P55060-4."
  A hCSE1L/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q9ERK4-1
  D "An exportin-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCSE1L/iso:1
obo:PR_Q54UP5
  D "An exportin-4 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-XPO4
  A Exp4 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q9ESJ0
  D "An exportin-4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mXPO4
  A Exp4 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q802D3
  D "An exportin-4 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-XPO4
obo:PR_Q54PQ8
  D "An exportin-5 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-XPO5
  A Exp5 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q924C1
  D "An exportin-5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A Exp5 (mouse)
  A Ran-binding protein 21 (mouse)
  A mXPO5
obo:PR_000043365
  D "An exportin-5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9HAV4-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A XPO5/iso:1
obo:PR_000021861
  D "An exportin-5 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A XPO5/InitMet-
obo:PR_O14116
  D "An exportin-5 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-XPO5
obo:PR_Q924C1-1
  D "An exportin-5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mXPO5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q924C1-2
  D "An exportin-5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q924C1-2."
  A mXPO5/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q924C1-3
  D "An exportin-5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q924C1-3."
  A mXPO5/iso:m3
obo:PR_000049711
  D "An exportin-5 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q9HAV4, 2-1204."
  A PRO_0000235299
  A UniProtKB:Q9HAV4, 2-1204
  A hXPO5/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q96QU8
  D "An exportin-6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A Exp6 (human)
  A Ran-binding protein 20 (human)
  A hXPO6
obo:PR_Q8QHJ8
  D "An exportin-6 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A Exp6 (zebrafish)
  A z-XPO6
obo:PR_000042668
  D "An exportin-6 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96QU8-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A XPO6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96QU8-1
  D "An exportin-6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hXPO6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96QU8-2
  D "An exportin-6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96QU8-2."
  A hXPO6/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q924Z6-1
  D "An exportin-6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mXPO6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5ZLT0
  D "An exportin-7 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-XPO7
obo:PR_Q54DN3
  D "An exportin-7 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-XPO7
  A Exp7 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q9UIA9
  D "An exportin-7 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hXPO7
  A Ran-binding protein 16 (human)
  A Exp7 (human)
obo:PR_000021862
  D "An exportin-7 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A XPO7/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q7PC79
  D "An exportin-T that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A exportin(tRNA) (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-XPOT
  A tRNA exportin (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A protein PAUSED (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q54RI9
  D "An exportin-T that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A exportin(tRNA) (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A tRNA exportin (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-XPOT
obo:PR_O94258
  D "An exportin-T that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A tRNA exportin (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A karyopherin-beta (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A exportin(tRNA) (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-XPOT
obo:PR_P33418
  D "An exportin-T that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A tRNA exportin (yeast)
  A karyopherin-beta (yeast)
  A yXPOT
  A exportin(tRNA) (yeast)
obo:PR_Q5SPJ8
  D "An exportin-T that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A tRNA exportin (zebrafish)
  A z-XPOT
  A exportin(tRNA) (zebrafish)
obo:PR_A0FGR8
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A Chr2Syt (human)
  A E-Syt2 (human)
  A hESYT2
obo:PR_A0FGR8-1
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0FGR8-1."
  A hESYT2/iso:h1
obo:PR_A0FGR8-2
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0FGR8-2."
  A hESYT2/iso:h2
obo:PR_A0FGR8-4
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0FGR8-4."
  A hESYT2/iso:h4
obo:PR_A0FGR8-5
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0FGR8-5."
  A hESYT2/iso:h5
obo:PR_A0FGR8-6
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0FGR8-6."
  A hESYT2/iso:h6
obo:PR_A0FGR9
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hESYT3
  A Chr3Syt (human)
  A E-Syt3 (human)
obo:PR_A0FGR9-1
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0FGR9-1."
  A hESYT3/iso:h1
obo:PR_A0FGR9-2
  D "An extended synaptotagmin-3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0FGR9-2."
  A hESYT3/iso:h2
obo:PR_000029174
  D "An extracellular adherence protein that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A eap/SigPep-
obo:PR_000029199
  D "An extracellular complement-binding protein that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A ecb/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q2FZC2
  D "An extracellular complement-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325."
  A ecb (STAA8)
obo:PR_A6U0X1
  D "An extracellular complement-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus JH1."
  A ecb (STAA2)
obo:PR_Q16610
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hECM1
  A secretory component p85 (human)
obo:PR_Q62894
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rECM1
  A secretory component p85 (rat)
obo:PR_000019725
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A ECM1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q16610-1
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q16610-1."
  A extracellular matrix protein 1 isoform 1a (human)
  A hECM1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q16610-2
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q16610-2."
  A extracellular matrix protein 1 isoform 1b (human)
  A hECM1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q16610-3
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q16610-3."
  A hECM1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q16610-4
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q16610-4."
  A hECM1/iso:h4
obo:PR_000047240
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q16610, 20-540."
  A UniProtKB:Q16610, 20-540
  A hECM1/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000021146
obo:PR_Q5FW85
  D "An extracellular matrix protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A tenonectin (mouse)
  A mECM2
obo:PR_Q80T14
  D "An extracellular matrix protein FRAS1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFRAS1
obo:PR_Q5MJS3
  D "An extracellular serine/threonine protein kinase Fam20C that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A GEF-CK (mouse)
  A DMP-4 (mouse)
  A dentin matrix protein 4 (mouse)
  A mFAM20C
  A Golgi-enriched fraction casein kinase (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8K007
  D "An extracellular sulfatase Sulf-1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mSULF1
  A mSulf-1
obo:PR_000041771
  D "An extracellular sulfatase Sulf-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K007-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SULF1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8K007-1
  D "An extracellular sulfatase Sulf-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mSULF1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8VI60-1
  D "An extracellular sulfatase Sulf-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rSULF1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8CFG0
  D "An extracellular sulfatase Sulf-2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mSulf-2
  A mSULF2
obo:PR_P0ACL2
  D "An exu regulon transcriptional regulator that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-exuR
obo:PR_P97767
  D "An eyes absent homolog 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEYA1
obo:PR_O17670
  D "An eyes absent homolog 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A EYA1 (worm)
obo:PR_P97767-1
  D "An eyes absent homolog 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97767-1."
  A mEYA1/iso:m1
obo:PR_P97767-2
  D "An eyes absent homolog 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97767-2."
  A mEYA1/iso:m2
obo:PR_O17670-1
  D "An eyes absent homolog 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O17670-1."
  A EYA1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_O17670-2
  D "An eyes absent homolog 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O17670-2."
  A EYA1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_P97480
  D "An eyes absent homolog 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEYA3
obo:PR_P97480-1
  D "An eyes absent homolog 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97480-1."
  A mEYA3/iso:m1
obo:PR_P97480-2
  D "An eyes absent homolog 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97480-2."
  A mEYA3/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9Z191
  D "An eyes absent homolog 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEYA4
obo:PR_O82631
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha that is a translation product of the At3g05520 gene in Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-CAPZA1
  A CapZ alpha (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_P13022
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha that is a translation product of the acpB gene in Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A aginactin subunit alpha (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A CAP34 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-CAPZA1
obo:PR_Q10434
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-CAPZA2
obo:PR_P28495
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha that is a translation product of the CAP1 gene in yeast."
  A yCAPZA1
obo:PR_000005029
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha that is a translation product of the human CAPZA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAPZA1
  A CapZ alpha-1
obo:PR_000005030
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha that is a translation product of the human CAPZA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAPZA2
obo:PR_000005031
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha that is a translation product of the human CAPZA3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CapZ alpha-3
  A CP-alpha-3
  A CAPZA3
  A germ cell-specific protein 3
obo:PR_O82631-1
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O82631-1."
  A At-CAPZA1/iso:1
obo:PR_P13127
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-CAPZA1
obo:PR_P52907
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CapZ alpha-1 (human)
  A hCAPZA1
obo:PR_000039719
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P52907-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAPZA1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019235
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A CAPZA1/InitMet-
obo:PR_P52907-1
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCAPZA1/iso:1
obo:PR_000046563
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-1 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P52907, 2-286."
  A UniProtKB:P52907, 2-286
  A PRO_0000208624
  A hCAPZA1/InitMet-
obo:PR_P13127-1
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-CAPZA1/iso:1
obo:PR_P47753-1
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCAPZA1/iso:1
obo:PR_P28497
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-2 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-CAPZA2
obo:PR_P47755
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CapZ alpha-2 (human)
  A hCAPZA2
obo:PR_000035841
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47754-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAPZA2/iso:1
obo:PR_000019236
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-2 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A CAPZA2/InitMet-
obo:PR_P47755-1
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47755-1."
  A hCAPZA2/iso:h1
obo:PR_P47755-2
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47755-2."
  A hCAPZA2/iso:h2
obo:PR_000046564
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-2 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P47755, 2-286."
  A UniProtKB:P47755, 2-286
  A PRO_0000208627
  A hCAPZA2/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q96KX2
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A germ cell-specific protein 3 (human)
  A CapZ alpha-3 (human)
  A CP-alpha-3 (human)
  A hCAPZA3
obo:PR_000042591
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96KX2-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAPZA3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96KX2-1
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit alpha-3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCAPZA3/iso:1
obo:PR_P13021
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-CAPZB
  A aginactin subunit beta (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A CAP32 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_P48603
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-CAPZB
obo:PR_P47756
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCAPZB
  A CapZ beta (human)
obo:PR_P34686
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A CAPZB (worm)
obo:PR_000035824
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47757-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAPZB/iso:1
obo:PR_000035826
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47757-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAPZB/iso:2
obo:PR_000035828
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47757-4 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAPZB isoform 3
  A CAPZB/iso:Capzb3
obo:PR_P14315
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-CAPZB
  A CapZ B1 and B2 (chicken)
  A beta-actinin subunit II (chicken)
obo:PR_000019237
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A CAPZB/InitMet-
obo:PR_P47756-1
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47756-1."
  A hCAPZB/iso:h1
obo:PR_P47756-2
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47756-2."
  A hCAPZB/iso:h2
obo:PR_P47756-3
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47756-3."
  A hCAPZB/iso:h3
obo:PR_000046565
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P47756, 2-277."
  A PRO_0000204634
  A UniProtKB:P47756, 2-277
  A hCAPZB/InitMet-
obo:PR_P14315-1
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta isoforms 1 and 2 (chicken) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P14315-1."
  A chick-CAPZB/iso:1
  A F-actin-capping protein subunit beta isoforms 1 and 2 isoform Beta-1 (chicken)
obo:PR_P14315-2
  D "An F-actin-capping protein subunit beta isoforms 1 and 2 (chicken) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P14315-2."
  A chick-CAPZB/iso:2
  A F-actin-capping protein subunit beta isoforms 1 and 2 isoform Beta-2 (chicken)
obo:PR_Q5VZK9
  D "An F-actin-uncapping protein LRRC16A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A capping protein regulator and myosin 1 linker protein 1 (human)
  A leucine-rich repeat-containing protein 16A (human)
  A hCARMIL1
  A CARMIL homolog (human)
  A capping protein, Arp2/3 and myosin-I linker protein 1 (human)
  A capping protein, Arp2/3 and myosin-I linker homolog 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q5VZK9-1
  D "An F-actin-uncapping protein LRRC16A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5VZK9-1."
  A hCARMIL1/iso:h1
  A F-actin-uncapping protein LRRC16A isoform CARMIL1a (human)
obo:PR_Q5VZK9-2
  D "An F-actin-uncapping protein LRRC16A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5VZK9-2."
  A hCARMIL1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5VZK9-3
  D "An F-actin-uncapping protein LRRC16A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5VZK9-3."
  A hCARMIL1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q5VZK9-4
  D "An F-actin-uncapping protein LRRC16A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5VZK9-4."
  A hCARMIL1/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q86WN1
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A NWK2 (human)
  A protein nervous wreck 2 (human)
  A FCH and double SH3 domains protein 1 (human)
  A hFCHSD1
obo:PR_Q6PFY1
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A NWK2 (mouse)
  A protein nervous wreck 2 (mouse)
  A mFCHSD1
obo:PR_Q86WN1-1
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86WN1-1."
  A hFCHSD1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q86WN1-2
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86WN1-2."
  A hFCHSD1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q86WN1-3
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86WN1-3."
  A hFCHSD1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q6PFY1-1
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PFY1-1."
  A mFCHSD1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q6PFY1-2
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PFY1-2."
  A mFCHSD1/iso:m2
obo:PR_O94868
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A protein nervous wreck 1 (human)
  A NWK1 (human)
  A hFCHSD2
  A carom (human)
  A SH3 multiple domains protein 3 (human)
obo:PR_000038468
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O94868-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FCHSD2/iso:1
obo:PR_P38822
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A LAS17-binding protein 7 (yeast)
  A yFCHSD2
obo:PR_O94868-2
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O94868-2."
  A hFCHSD2/iso:h2
obo:PR_O94868-3
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O94868-3."
  A hFCHSD2/iso:h3
obo:PR_O94868-1
  D "An F-BAR and double SH3 domains protein 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFCHSD2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q502I9
  D "An F-BAR domain only protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FCHO2
obo:PR_Q10199
  D "An F-BAR domain only protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-FCHO2
obo:PR_E1BUR2
  D "An F-BAR domain only protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FCHO2
obo:PR_F1ND48
  D "An F-box DNA helicase 1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FBH1
  A F-box only protein 18 (chicken)
obo:PR_Q8K2I9
  D "An F-box DNA helicase 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A F-box only protein 18 (mouse)
  A mFBH1
obo:PR_Q8K2I9-1
  D "An F-box DNA helicase 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K2I9-1."
  A mFBH1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8K2I9-2
  D "An F-box DNA helicase 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K2I9-2."
  A mFBH1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9UK96
  D "An F-box only protein 10 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO10
obo:PR_Q7TQF2
  D "An F-box only protein 10 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO10
obo:PR_Q9UK96-1
  D "An F-box only protein 10 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UK96-1."
  A hFBXO10/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9UK96-2
  D "An F-box only protein 10 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UK96-2."
  A hFBXO10/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q86XK2
  D "An F-box only protein 11 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A VIT-1 (human)
  A hFBXO11
  A vitiligo-associated protein 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q7TSL3
  D "An F-box only protein 11 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXO11
obo:PR_Q94251
  D "An F-box only protein 11 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A Daf-12 redundant function protein (worm)
  A FBXO11 (worm)
obo:PR_Q86XK2-1
  D "An F-box only protein 11 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86XK2-1."
  A hFBXO11/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q86XK2-2
  D "An F-box only protein 11 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86XK2-2."
  A hFBXO11/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q86XK2-3
  D "An F-box only protein 11 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86XK2-3."
  A hFBXO11/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q86XK2-4
  D "An F-box only protein 11 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86XK2-4."
  A hFBXO11/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q86XK2-5
  D "An F-box only protein 11 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86XK2-5."
  A hFBXO11/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q86XK2-6
  D "An F-box only protein 11 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86XK2-6."
  A hFBXO11/iso:h6
obo:PR_Q8NCQ5
  D "An F-box only protein 15 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO15
obo:PR_Q9QZN0
  D "An F-box only protein 15 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO15
obo:PR_Q8NCQ5-1
  D "An F-box only protein 15 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NCQ5-1."
  A hFBXO15/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8NCQ5-2
  D "An F-box only protein 15 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NCQ5-2."
  A hFBXO15/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8IX29
  D "An F-box only protein 16 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO16
obo:PR_Q8IX29-1
  D "An F-box only protein 16 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IX29-1."
  A hFBXO16/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8IX29-2
  D "An F-box only protein 16 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IX29-2."
  A hFBXO16/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q96EF6
  D "An F-box only protein 17 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box only protein 26 (human)
  A hFBXO17
obo:PR_Q95T19
  D "An F-box only protein 17 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A LD24627p (fruit fly)
  A fly-FBXO17
  A seryl-tRNA synthetase-like insect mitochondrial protein (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q9UK22
  D "An F-box only protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO2
obo:PR_O94952
  D "An F-box only protein 21 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO21
obo:PR_Q8VDH1
  D "An F-box only protein 21 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO21
obo:PR_O94952-2
  D "An F-box only protein 21 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O94952-2."
  A hFBXO21/iso:h1
obo:PR_O94952-1
  D "An F-box only protein 21 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O94952-1."
  A hFBXO21/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8VDH1-1
  D "An F-box only protein 21 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VDH1-1."
  A mFBXO21/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8VDH1-2
  D "An F-box only protein 21 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VDH1-2."
  A mFBXO21/iso:m2
obo:PR_O75426
  D "An F-box only protein 24 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO24
obo:PR_O75426-1
  D "An F-box only protein 24 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75426-1."
  A hFBXO24/iso:h1
obo:PR_O75426-2
  D "An F-box only protein 24 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75426-2."
  A hFBXO24/iso:h2
obo:PR_O75426-3
  D "An F-box only protein 24 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75426-3."
  A hFBXO24/iso:h3
obo:PR_O75426-4
  D "An F-box only protein 24 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75426-4."
  A hFBXO24/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q8TCJ0
  D "An F-box only protein 25 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO25
obo:PR_Q9D2Y6
  D "An F-box only protein 25 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO25
obo:PR_000043091
  D "An F-box only protein 25 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9D2Y6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO25/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8TCJ0-1
  D "An F-box only protein 25 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8TCJ0-1."
  A hFBXO25/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8TCJ0-2
  D "An F-box only protein 25 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8TCJ0-2."
  A hFBXO25/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8TCJ0-3
  D "An F-box only protein 25 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8TCJ0-3."
  A hFBXO25/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9D2Y6-1
  D "An F-box only protein 25 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO25/iso:1
obo:PR_Q641X7-1
  D "An F-box only protein 25 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXO25/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NVF7
  D "An F-box only protein 28 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO28
obo:PR_Q9NVF7-1
  D "An F-box only protein 28 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVF7-1."
  A hFBXO28/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9NVF7-2
  D "An F-box only protein 28 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVF7-2."
  A hFBXO28/iso:h2
obo:PR_D4ABP9
  D "An F-box only protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXO3
obo:PR_000043133
  D "An F-box only protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9DC63-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO3/iso:1
obo:PR_000043950
  D "An F-box only protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UK99-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO3/iso:2
obo:PR_000043951
  D "An F-box only protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UK99-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO3/iso:3
obo:PR_Q9LND7
  D "An F-box only protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-FBXO3
  A SKP1-interacting partner 16 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_D4ABP9-1
  D "An F-box only protein 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXO3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9DC63-1
  D "An F-box only protein 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BJL1
  D "An F-box only protein 30 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A muscle ubiquitin ligase of SCF complex in atrophy-1 (mouse)
  A mFBXO30
  A MUSA1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q5XI67
  D "An F-box only protein 30 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXO30
obo:PR_Q5XUX0
  D "An F-box only protein 31 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO31
obo:PR_Q3TQF0
  D "An F-box only protein 31 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO31
obo:PR_Q5XUX0-1
  D "An F-box only protein 31 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XUX0-1."
  A hFBXO31/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5XUX0-2
  D "An F-box only protein 31 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XUX0-2."
  A hFBXO31/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9CPU7
  D "An F-box only protein 32 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A muscle atrophy F-box protein (mouse)
  A mFBXO32
  A MAFbx (mouse)
  A atrogin-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_000042390
  D "An F-box only protein 32 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q969P5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO32/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9CPU7-1
  D "An F-box only protein 32 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO32/iso:1
obo:PR_Q7Z6M2
  D "An F-box only protein 33 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO33
obo:PR_Q8VE08
  D "An F-box only protein 33 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A AIG30-12-1 (mouse)
  A mFBXO33
obo:PR_Q9NWN3
  D "An F-box only protein 34 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO34
obo:PR_Q80XI1
  D "An F-box only protein 34 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO34
obo:PR_Q80XI1-1
  D "An F-box only protein 34 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80XI1-1."
  A mFBXO34/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q80XI1-2
  D "An F-box only protein 34 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80XI1-2."
  A mFBXO34/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8NEA4
  D "An F-box only protein 36 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO36
obo:PR_000041952
  D "An F-box only protein 36 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NEA4-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO36/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8NEA4-1
  D "An F-box only protein 36 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO36/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8NEA4-3
  D "An F-box only protein 36 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NEA4-3."
  A hFBXO36/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5NBU5
  D "An F-box only protein 39 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO39
obo:PR_000040946
  D "An F-box only protein 39 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5NBU5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO39/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5NBU5-1
  D "An F-box only protein 39 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO39/iso:1
obo:PR_Q66H10-1
  D "An F-box only protein 39 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXO39/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UKT5
  D "An F-box only protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO4
obo:PR_Q8CHQ0
  D "An F-box only protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO4
obo:PR_Q9UKT5-1
  D "An F-box only protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT5-1."
  A hFBXO4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UKT5-2
  D "An F-box only protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT5-2."
  A hFBXO4/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9UH90
  D "An F-box only protein 40 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A muscle disease-related protein (human)
  A hFBXO40
obo:PR_P62932
  D "An F-box only protein 40 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO40
obo:PR_Q8TF61
  D "An F-box only protein 41 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO41
obo:PR_000019854
  D "An F-box only protein 41 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FBXO41/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q6P3S6
  D "An F-box only protein 42 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A Just one F-box and Kelch domain-containing protein (human)
  A hFBXO42
obo:PR_D4AE47
  D "An F-box only protein 42 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXO42
  A protein Fbxo42 (rat)
obo:PR_000041195
  D "An F-box only protein 42 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6P3S6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO42/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6P3S6-1
  D "An F-box only protein 42 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO42/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6PDJ6-1
  D "An F-box only protein 42 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO42/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8CDI2
  D "An F-box only protein 43 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO43
  A endogenous meiotic inhibitor 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9H4M3
  D "An F-box only protein 44 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box/G-domain protein 3 (human)
  A hFBXO44
obo:PR_Q9H4M3-1
  D "An F-box only protein 44 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H4M3-1."
  A hFBXO44/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9H4M3-2
  D "An F-box only protein 44 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H4M3-2."
  A hFBXO44/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q6PJ61
  D "An F-box only protein 46 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box only protein 34-like (human)
  A hFBXO46
obo:PR_000041229
  D "An F-box only protein 46 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PJ61-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO46/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6PJ61-1
  D "An F-box only protein 46 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO46/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BG80-1
  D "An F-box only protein 46 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO46/iso:1
obo:PR_Q4KLY2-1
  D "An F-box only protein 46 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXO46/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5MNV8
  D "An F-box only protein 47 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO47
obo:PR_Q8CAT8
  D "An F-box only protein 48 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO48
obo:PR_Q9UKT4
  D "An F-box only protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO5
  A early mitotic inhibitor 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q7TSG3
  D "An F-box only protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO5
  A early mitotic inhibitor 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q0V967
  D "An F-box only protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FBXO5
  A harpy protein (zebrafish)
  A early mitotic inhibitor 1 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_Q9UKT4-1
  D "An F-box only protein 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT4-1."
  A hFBXO5/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9UKT4-2
  D "An F-box only protein 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT4-2."
  A hFBXO5/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047380
  D "An F-box only protein 5 (human) that includes at least one phosphorylated residue. UniProtKB:Q9UKT4, MOD:00696."
  A UniProtKB:Q9UKT4, MOD:00696
  A hFBXO5/PhosRes+
obo:PR_000047378
  D "An F-box only protein 5 (human) that has been post-translationally modified to include phosphoserine at positions 145 and 149 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT4. UniProtKB:Q9UKT4, Ser-145/Ser-149, MOD:00046."
  A hFBXO5/Phos:1
  A UniProtKB:Q9UKT4, Ser-145/Ser-149, MOD:00046
obo:PR_000047379
  D "An F-box only protein 5 (human) that has been post-translationally modified to include phosphoserine at position 182 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT4. UniProtKB:Q9UKT4, Ser-182, MOD:00046."
  A hFBXO5/Phos:2
  A UniProtKB:Q9UKT4, Ser-182, MOD:00046
obo:PR_Q9QZN4
  D "An F-box only protein 6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO6
  A F-box protein that recognizes sugar chains 2 (mouse)
  A F-box/G-domain protein 2 (mouse)
  A F-box only protein 6b (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9Y3I1
  D "An F-box only protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO7
obo:PR_Q9ZUB8
  D "An F-box only protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A SKP1-interacting partner 22 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-FBXO7
obo:PR_Q9Y3I1-1
  D "An F-box only protein 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y3I1-1."
  A hFBXO7/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9Y3I1-2
  D "An F-box only protein 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y3I1-2."
  A hFBXO7/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9Y3I1-3
  D "An F-box only protein 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y3I1-3."
  A hFBXO7/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9QZN3
  D "An F-box only protein 8 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO8
obo:PR_000043519
  D "An F-box only protein 8 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NRD0-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXO8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9QZN3-1
  D "An F-box only protein 8 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXO8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UK97
  D "An F-box only protein 9 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A renal carcinoma antigen NY-REN-57 (human)
  A cross-immune reaction antigen 1 (human)
  A hFBXO9
obo:PR_Q6P3K3
  D "An F-box only protein 9 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FBXO9
obo:PR_Q9UK97-1
  D "An F-box only protein 9 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UK97-1."
  A hFBXO9/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9UK97-2
  D "An F-box only protein 9 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UK97-2."
  A hFBXO9/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9UK97-3
  D "An F-box only protein 9 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UK97-3."
  A hFBXO9/iso:h3
obo:PR_000042992
  D "An F-box-like/WD repeat-containing protein TBL1XR1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BZK7-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TBL1XR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q54VL8
  D "An F-box-like/WD repeat-containing protein TBL1XR1 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-TBL1XR1
obo:PR_Q8BHJ5-1
  D "An F-box-like/WD repeat-containing protein TBL1XR1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mTBL1XR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9BQ87
  D "An F-box-like/WD repeat-containing protein TBL1Y that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A transducin-beta-like protein 1, Y-linked (human)
  A hTBL1Y
  A transducin beta-like protein 1Y (human)
obo:PR_Q9NXK8
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 12 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box protein FBL12 (human)
  A hFBXL12
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 12 (human)
obo:PR_Q9EPX5
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 12 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL12
  A F-box protein FBL12 (mouse)
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 12 (mouse)
obo:PR_000043642
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 12 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NXK8-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL12/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NXK8-2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 12 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NXK8-2."
  A hFBXL12/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9EPX5-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 12 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL12/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NXK8-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 12 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXL12/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H469
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 15 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXL15
  A F-box only protein 37 (human)
obo:PR_Q6NW95
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 15 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FBXL15
obo:PR_000043274
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 15 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H469-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL15/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H469-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 15 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXL15/iso:1
obo:PR_Q91W61-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 15 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL15/iso:1
obo:PR_D4ABB4-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 15 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXL15/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8N461
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 16 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 16 (human)
  A hFBXL16
obo:PR_000041838
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 16 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N461-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL16/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8N461-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 16 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXL16/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8N461-2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 16 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N461-2."
  A hFBXL16/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5MJ12-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 16 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXL16/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UF56
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 17 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 17 (human)
  A hFBXL17
  A F-box only protein 13 (human)
obo:PR_Q9UF56-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 17 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UF56-1."
  A hFBXL17/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9UF56-3
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 17 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UF56-3."
  A hFBXL17/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9UF56-2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 17 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UF56-2."
  A hFBXL17/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q6PCT2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 19 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 19 (human)
  A hFBXL19
obo:PR_Q6PCT2-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 19 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PCT2-1."
  A hFBXL19/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q6PCT2-2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 19 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PCT2-2."
  A hFBXL19/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q6PCT2-3
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 19 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PCT2-3."
  A hFBXL19/iso:h3
obo:PR_000043959
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKC9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96IG2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box/LRR-repeat protein 2-like (human)
  A hFBXL20
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 20 (human)
obo:PR_Q9CZV8
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL20
  A F-box/LRR-repeat protein 2-like (mouse)
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 20 (mouse)
obo:PR_000042561
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96IG2-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL20/iso:1
obo:PR_O74783
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A F-box/LRR-repeat protein pof2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-FBXL20
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein pof2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A F-box protein pof2 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_Q96IG2-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXL20/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96IG2-2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96IG2-2."
  A hFBXL20/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9CZV8-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL20/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9CZV8-4
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9CZV8-4."
  A mFBXL20/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9CZV8-3
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9CZV8-3."
  A F-box/LRR-repeat protein 20 isoform Scrapper (mouse)
  A mFBXL20/iso:m3
obo:PR_000043974
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 21 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL21P/iso:1
obo:PR_E1BUJ9
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 21 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FBXL21P
obo:PR_Q8BFZ4-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 21 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL21P/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8C4V4
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A protein after-hours (mouse)
  A protein overtime (mouse)
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 3A (mouse)
  A F-box/LRR-repeat protein 3A (mouse)
  A mFBXL3
obo:PR_000043975
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT7-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8C4V4-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8C4V4-2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C4V4-2."
  A mFBXL3/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9UKT7-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXL3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UKA2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 4 (human)
  A hFBXL4
obo:PR_000043952
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKA2-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UKA2-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXL4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BH70-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8C2S5
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 5 (mouse)
  A mFBXL5
obo:PR_Q8C2S5-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C2S5-1."
  A mFBXL5/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8C2S5-2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C2S5-2."
  A mFBXL5/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8C2S5-3
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C2S5-3."
  A mFBXL5/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8C2S5-4
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C2S5-4."
  A mFBXL5/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q8C2S5-5
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C2S5-5."
  A mFBXL5/iso:m5
obo:PR_Q641W5
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 6 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 6, isoform CRA_b (rat)
  A protein Fbxl6 (rat)
  A rFBXL6
obo:PR_Q5BJ29
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL7
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 7 (mouse)
obo:PR_A1A5X2
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FBXL7
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 7 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000043937
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 7 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UJT9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL7/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5BJ29-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL7/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8CIG9
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 8 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A F-box protein FBL8 (mouse)
  A mFBXL8
  A F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 8 (mouse)
obo:PR_000042464
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 8 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96CD0-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXL8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96CD0-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 8 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXL8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8CIG9-1
  D "An F-box/LRR-repeat protein 8 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXL8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9V6L9
  D "An F-box/SPRY domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A DFsn (fruit fly)
  A fly-FBXO45
obo:PR_P0C2W1
  D "An F-box/SPRY domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXO45
  A F-box only protein 45 (human)
  A hFbxo45
obo:PR_Q18223
  D "An F-box/SPRY domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A FBXO45 (worm)
  A F-box synaptic protein 1 (worm)
obo:PR_Q6NZ03
  D "An F-box/SPRY domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FBXO45
  A F-box only protein 45 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_Q5XX13
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 10 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A ubiquitin ligase-specificity factor (human)
  A hFBXW10
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 10 (human)
obo:PR_Q5XX13-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 10 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XX13-1."
  A hFBXW10/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5XX13-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 10 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XX13-2."
  A hFBXW10/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5XX13-3
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 10 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XX13-3."
  A hFBXW10/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q5XX13-4
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 10 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XX13-4."
  A hFBXW10/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q9UKB1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A homologous to Slimb protein (human)
  A hFBXW11
  A HOS (human)
  A F-box and WD repeats protein beta-TrCP2 (human)
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 1B (human)
obo:PR_000043955
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKB1-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXW11/iso:1
obo:PR_000043956
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKB1-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXW11/iso:2
obo:PR_000043957
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKB1-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXW11/iso:3
obo:PR_Q9UKB1-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXW11/iso:A
obo:PR_Q9UKB1-3
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXW11/iso:B
obo:PR_Q9UKB1-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXW11/iso:C
obo:PR_Q5SRY7-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXW11/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5SRY7-4
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXW11/iso:4
obo:PR_Q5SRY7-3
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 11 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXW11/iso:3
obo:PR_Q6X9E4
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 12 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 12 (human)
  A hFBXW12
  A F-box only protein 35 (human)
obo:PR_Q6X9E4-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 12 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6X9E4-1."
  A hFBXW12/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q6X9E4-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 12 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6X9E4-2."
  A hFBXW12/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q6X9E4-3
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 12 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6X9E4-3."
  A hFBXW12/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q3ULA2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 1A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A ubiquitin ligase FWD1 (mouse)
  A F-box and WD repeats protein beta-TrCP (mouse)
  A E3RSIkappaB (mouse)
  A beta-TrCP (mouse)
  A mE3RS-IkappaB
  A pIkappaB-E3 receptor subunit (mouse)
  A beta-TrCP protein E3RS-IkappaB (mouse)
  A beta-transducin repeat-containing protein (mouse)
  A mBTRC
obo:PR_000044117
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 1A that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y297-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BTRC/iso:1
obo:PR_000044118
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 1A that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y297-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BTRC/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9Y297-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 1A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hBTRC/iso:1
obo:PR_Q3ULA2-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 1A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mBTRC/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9Y297-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 1A isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hBTRC/iso:2
obo:PR_Q3ULA2-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 1A isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mBTRC/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9UKT8
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 2 (human)
  A protein MD6 (human)
  A hFBXW2
obo:PR_Q60584
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXW2
  A protein MD6 (mouse)
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_B2RZ17
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A protein MD6 (rat)
  A rFBXW2
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 2 (rat)
obo:PR_000043976
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT8-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBXW2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UKT8-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXW2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UKT8-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UKT8-2."
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 2 isoform MD6b (human)
  A hFBXW2/iso:h2
obo:PR_B2RZ17-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXW2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9JMJ2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBXW4
  A protein hagoromo (mouse)
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 4 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q969U6
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXW5
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 5 (human)
obo:PR_Q4KLI9
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXW5
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 5 (rat)
obo:PR_Q969U6-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q969U6-1."
  A hFBXW5/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q969U6-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q969U6-2."
  A hFBXW5/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q4KLI9-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 5 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q4KLI9-1."
  A rFBXW5/iso:r1
obo:PR_Q4KLI9-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 5 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q4KLI9-2."
  A rFBXW5/iso:r2
obo:PR_Q969H0
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBXW7
  A hCdc4
  A hAgo
  A archipelago homolog (human)
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 7 (human)
  A SEL-10 (human)
obo:PR_D3Z902
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBXW7
obo:PR_Q969H0-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q969H0-1."
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform FBW7alpha (human)
  A hFBXW7/iso:h1
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform 110K (human)
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform Archipelago alpha (human)
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform common (human)
obo:PR_Q969H0-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q969H0-2."
  A hFBXW7/iso:h2
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform 69K (human)
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform FBW7beta (human)
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform Archipelago beta (human)
obo:PR_Q969H0-4
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q969H0-4."
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform Hippocampal (human)
  A hFBXW7/iso:h3
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform Archipelago gamma (human)
  A F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7 isoform FBW7gamma (human)
obo:PR_Q8N3Y1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 8 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box only protein 29 (human)
  A hFBXW8
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 8 (human)
obo:PR_P0DL28
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 8 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 8 (rat)
  A rFBXW8
obo:PR_Q8N3Y1-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 8 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N3Y1-1."
  A hFBXW8/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8N3Y1-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 8 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N3Y1-2."
  A hFBXW8/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5XUX1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 9 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A F-box and WD-40 domain-containing protein 9 (human)
  A hFBXW9
obo:PR_Q22071
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 9 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A FBXW9 (worm)
  A mechanosensory abnormality protein 15 (worm)
obo:PR_Q5XUX1-1
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 9 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XUX1-1."
  A hFBXW9/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5XUX1-2
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 9 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XUX1-2."
  A hFBXW9/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5XUX1-3
  D "An F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 9 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5XUX1-3."
  A hFBXW9/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q54S43
  D "A FACT complex subunit SPT16 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-SUPT16H
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex subunit SPT16 (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_Q9Y5B9
  D "A FACT complex subunit SPT16 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex subunit SPT16 (human)
  A FACT 140 kDa subunit (human)
  A chromatin-specific transcription elongation factor 140 kDa subunit (human)
  A hSPT16
  A hSUPT16H
obo:PR_Q920B9
  D "A FACT complex subunit SPT16 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mSUPT16H
  A chromatin-specific transcription elongation factor 140 kDa subunit (mouse)
  A FACTp140 (mouse)
  A FACT 140 kDa subunit (mouse)
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex subunit SPT16 (mouse)
obo:PR_O94267
  D "A FACT complex subunit SPT16 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex subunit spt16 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-SUPT16H
obo:PR_000021604
  D "A FACT complex subunit SPT16 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A SUPT16H/InitMet-
obo:PR_000049387
  D "A FACT complex subunit SPT16 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q9Y5B9, 2-1047."
  A PRO_0000245169
  A hSUPT16H/InitMet-
  A UniProtKB:Q9Y5B9, 2-1047
obo:PR_Q05153
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-SSRP1
  A high mobility group B protein 8 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex subunit SSRP1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A recombination signal sequence recognition protein 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A nucleosome/chromatin assembly factor group D 08 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A nucleosome/chromatin assembly factor group D 8 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A protein NUCLEAR FUSION DEFECTIVE 8 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q04678
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A recombination signal sequence recognition protein 1 (chicken)
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex subunit SSRP1 (chicken)
  A structure-specific recognition protein 1 (chicken)
  A T160 (chicken)
  A chick-SSRP1
obo:PR_Q05344
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-SSRP1
  A dSSRP1
  A chorion-factor 5 (fruit fly)
  A single-strand recognition protein (fruit fly)
  A recombination signal sequence recognition protein (fruit fly)
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex subunit Ssrp1 (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q08945
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FACT 80 kDa subunit (human)
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex subunit SSRP1 (human)
  A FACTp80 (human)
  A facilitates chromatin transcription complex 80 kDa subunit (human)
  A recombination signal sequence recognition protein 1 (human)
  A T160 (human)
  A chromatin-specific transcription elongation factor 80 kDa subunit (human)
  A structure-specific recognition protein 1 (human)
  A hSSRP1
obo:PR_000040339
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08945-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SSRP1/iso:1
obo:PR_000021574
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A SSRP1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q05153-1
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05153-1."
  A At-SSRP1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q05153-2
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05153-2."
  A At-SSRP1/iso:2
obo:PR_Q08945-1
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hSSRP1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q04931-1
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rSSRP1/iso:1
obo:PR_000049357
  D "A FACT complex subunit SSRP1 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q08945, 2-709."
  A UniProtKB:Q08945, 2-709
  A PRO_0000048606
  A hSSRP1/InitMet-
obo:PR_O55208
  D "A factor in the germline alpha that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A transcription factor FIGa (mouse)
  A mFIGLA
  A FIGalpha (mouse)
obo:PR_O74841
  D "An FAD synthase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A flavin adenine dinucleotide synthase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A FAD pyrophosphorylase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A FMN adenylyltransferase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-FLAD1
obo:PR_Q68EH8
  D "An FAD synthase that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FLAD1
  A flavin adenine dinucleotide synthase (zebrafish)
  A FAD pyrophosphorylase (zebrafish)
  A FMN adenylyltransferase (zebrafish)
obo:PR_Q9LZE4
  D "An FAD synthase that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-FLAD1
  A uncharacterized protein F12E4_190 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q54RS3
  D "An FAD synthase that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-FLAD1
obo:PR_Q3TQB2
  D "An FAD-dependent oxidoreductase domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXRED1
obo:PR_Q3TQB2-1
  D "An FAD-dependent oxidoreductase domain-containing protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3TQB2-1."
  A mFOXRED1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q3TQB2-2
  D "An FAD-dependent oxidoreductase domain-containing protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3TQB2-2."
  A mFOXRED1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8IWF2
  D "An FAD-dependent oxidoreductase domain-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXRED2
  A endoplasmic reticulum flavoprotein associated with degradation (human)
obo:PR_Q3USW5
  D "An FAD-dependent oxidoreductase domain-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXRED2
obo:PR_Q8IWF2-1
  D "An FAD-dependent oxidoreductase domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IWF2-1."
  A hFOXRED2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8IWF2-2
  D "An FAD-dependent oxidoreductase domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IWF2-2."
  A hFOXRED2/iso:h2
obo:PR_000039812
  D "An FAD-linked sulfhydryl oxidase ALR that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P56213-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GFER/iso:1
obo:PR_P56213-1
  D "An FAD-linked sulfhydryl oxidase ALR isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGFER/iso:1
obo:PR_P0AB85
  D "An FAD:protein FMN transferase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A thiamine biosynthesis lipoprotein ApbE (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A flavin transferase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-apbE
obo:PR_Q5TGI0
  D "A failed axon connections homolog that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAXC
obo:PR_Q3UMF9
  D "A failed axon connections homolog that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAXC
obo:PR_D3ZAT9
  D "A failed axon connections homolog that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFAXC
obo:PR_000040998
  D "A failed axon connections homolog that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5TGI0-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAXC/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5TGI0-1
  D "A failed axon connections homolog isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAXC/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5TGI0-2
  D "A failed axon connections homolog (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5TGI0-2."
  A hFAXC/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q3UMF9-1
  D "A failed axon connections homolog isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAXC/iso:1
obo:PR_A2ACJ2
  D "A Fanconi anemia core complex-associated protein 100 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A Fanconi anemia-associated protein of 100 kDa (mouse)
  A mFAAP100
obo:PR_Q9JL70
  D "A Fanconi anemia group A protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFANCA
  A protein FACA (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8NB91
  D "A Fanconi anemia group B protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FAAP95 (human)
  A hFANCB
  A protein FACB (human)
  A Fanconi anemia-associated polypeptide of 95 kDa (human)
obo:PR_O35870
  D "A Fanconi anemia group C protein that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFANCC
  A protein FACC (rat)
obo:PR_Q9HB96
  D "A Fanconi anemia group E protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A protein FACE (human)
  A hFANCE
obo:PR_E9Q5Z5
  D "A Fanconi anemia group F protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A protein FACF (mouse)
  A mFANCF
obo:PR_O15287
  D "A Fanconi anemia group G protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFANCG
  A protein FACG (human)
  A DNA repair protein XRCC9 (human)
obo:PR_Q9EQR6
  D "A Fanconi anemia group G protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFANCG
  A protein FACG (mouse)
obo:PR_000025729
  D "A Fanconi anemia group G protein that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15287-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FANCG/iso:1
obo:PR_O15287-1
  D "A Fanconi anemia group G protein isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFANCG/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8K368
  D "A Fanconi anemia group I protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFANCI
  A protein FACI (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8K368-1
  D "A Fanconi anemia group I protein homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K368-1."
  A mFANCI/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8K368-2
  D "A Fanconi anemia group I protein homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K368-2."
  A mFANCI/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8K368-4
  D "A Fanconi anemia group I protein homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K368-4."
  A mFANCI/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q3YK19
  D "A Fanconi anemia group J protein that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A ATP-dependent RNA helicase BRIP1 (chicken)
  A protein FACJ (chicken)
  A chick-BRIP1
obo:PR_Q5SXJ3
  D "A Fanconi anemia group J protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A BRCA1-interacting protein 1 (mouse)
  A protein FACJ (mouse)
  A BRCA1-associated C-terminal helicase 1 (mouse)
  A mBRIP1
  A ATP-dependent RNA helicase BRIP1 (mouse)
  A BRCA1-interacting protein C-terminal helicase 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8BGE5
  D "A Fanconi anemia group M protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A ATP-dependent RNA helicase FANCM (mouse)
  A protein FACM (mouse)
  A mFANCM
obo:PR_Q8BGE5-1
  D "A Fanconi anemia group M protein homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BGE5-1."
  A mFANCM/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8BGE5-2
  D "A Fanconi anemia group M protein homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BGE5-2."
  A mFANCM/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8BGE5-3
  D "A Fanconi anemia group M protein homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BGE5-3."
  A mFANCM/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8BGE5-4
  D "A Fanconi anemia group M protein homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BGE5-4."
  A mFANCM/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q69ZT1
  D "A Fanconi-associated nuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FANCD2/FANCI-associated nuclease 1 (mouse)
  A mFAN1
  A myotubularin-related protein 15 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q1LWH4
  D "A Fanconi-associated nuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FAN1
  A myotubularin-related protein 15 (zebrafish)
  A FANCD2/FANCI-associated nuclease 1 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_Q9Y804
  D "A Fanconi-associated nuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-FAN1
obo:PR_Q69ZT1-1
  D "A Fanconi-associated nuclease 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q69ZT1-1."
  A mFAN1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q69ZT1-2
  D "A Fanconi-associated nuclease 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q69ZT1-2."
  A mFAN1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q69ZT1-3
  D "A Fanconi-associated nuclease 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q69ZT1-3."
  A mFAN1/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q69ZT1-4
  D "A Fanconi-associated nuclease 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q69ZT1-4."
  A mFAN1/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q96AE4
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FUSE-binding protein 1 (human)
  A hFUBP1
  A hDH V
  A DNA helicase V (human)
obo:PR_000019944
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FUBP1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q96AE4-1
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96AE4-1."
  A hFUBP1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q96AE4-2
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96AE4-2."
  A hFUBP1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q3U0V1
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A KSRP (mouse)
  A KH type-splicing regulatory protein (mouse)
  A mKHSRP
  A FUSE-binding protein 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q99PF5
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rKHSRP
  A KSRP (rat)
  A MAP2 RNA trans-acting protein 1 (rat)
  A MARTA1 (rat)
  A KH type-splicing regulatory protein (rat)
  A FUSE-binding protein 2 (rat)
obo:PR_Q96I24
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFUBP3
  A FUSE-binding protein 3 (human)
obo:PR_000019945
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 3 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FUBP3/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q96I24-1
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96I24-1."
  A hFUBP3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q96I24-2
  D "A far upstream element-binding protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96I24-2."
  A hFUBP3/iso:h2
obo:PR_P14324
  D "A farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFDPS
  A FPP synthase (human)
obo:PR_O14230
  D "A farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-FDPS
  A FPS (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A FPP synthase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_000038902
  D "A farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P14324-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FDPS/iso:2
obo:PR_000036244
  D "A farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase (human) that is N-terminal Met acetylated. Example: UniProtKB:P14324-1, Met-1, MOD:00058."
  A hFDPS/Ac:1
obo:PR_P14324-2
  D "A farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFDPS/iso:2
obo:PR_P14324-1
  D "A farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P14324-1."
  A hFDPS/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q920E5-1
  D "A farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFDPS/iso:1
obo:PR_P05369-1
  D "A farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFDPS/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NVQ4
  D "A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAIM
obo:PR_000043597
  D "A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVQ4-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAIM/iso:3
obo:PR_Q9NVQ4-3
  D "A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAIM/iso:3
  A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 isoform FAIM-L (human)
obo:PR_Q9NVQ4-1
  D "A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVQ4-1."
  A hFAIM/iso:h1
  A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 isoform FAIM-S (human)
obo:PR_Q9NVQ4-2
  D "A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVQ4-2."
  A hFAIM/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8R5H8-1
  D "A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFAIM/iso:1
  A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 isoform FAIM-L (rat)
  A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 1 isoform Long (rat)
obo:PR_A1KXC4
  D "A Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A regulator of Fas-induced apoptosis Toso (mouse)
  A IgM Fc fragment receptor (mouse)
  A mFCMR
obo:PR_Q61160
  D "A FAS-associated death domain protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mediator of receptor induced toxicity (mouse)
  A mFADD
  A FAS-associating death domain-containing protein (mouse)
  A protein FADD (mouse)
obo:PR_000002285
  D "A FAS-associated death domain protein that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13158-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FADD/iso:1
obo:PR_Q61160-1
  D "A FAS-associated death domain protein isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFADD/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UNN5
  D "A FAS-associated factor 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A UBX domain-containing protein 12 (human)
  A hFAF1
  A UBX domain-containing protein 3A (human)
obo:PR_000039766
  D "A FAS-associated factor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P54731-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAF1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UNN5-1
  D "A FAS-associated factor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UNN5-1."
  A hFAF1/iso:Long
obo:PR_Q9UNN5-2
  D "A FAS-associated factor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UNN5-2."
  A hFAF1/iso:Short
  A FAS-associated factor 1 isoform hFAF1(s) (human)
obo:PR_P54731-1
  D "A FAS-associated factor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAF1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q924K2-1
  D "A FAS-associated factor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFAF1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5BK32
  D "A FAS-associated factor 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A UBX domain-containing protein 8 (rat)
  A rFAF2
obo:PR_000042471
  D "A FAS-associated factor 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96CS3-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAF2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9M0N1
  D "A FAS-associated factor 2 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-FAF2
obo:PR_Q96CS3-1
  D "A FAS-associated factor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAF2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q3TDN2-1
  D "A FAS-associated factor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAF2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5ZIB2
  D "A Fas-binding factor 1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FBF1
  A FBF-1 (chicken)
obo:PR_Q99689
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A zygin I (human)
  A zygin-1 (human)
  A hFEZ1
obo:PR_P97577
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFEZ1
  A zygin-1 (rat)
  A zygin I (rat)
obo:PR_000042733
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q99689-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FEZ1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q99689-2
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q99689-2."
  A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-1 isoform FEZ1-T (human)
  A hFEZ1/iso:Short
obo:PR_Q8K0X8-1
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFEZ1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q99689-1
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFEZ1/iso:Long
obo:PR_Q6TYB5
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A zygin-2 (mouse)
  A mFEZ2
  A zygin II (mouse)
obo:PR_P97578
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A zygin-related protein types I/II (rat)
  A zygin-2 (rat)
  A rFEZ2
  A zygin II (rat)
obo:PR_P97578-1
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-2 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97578-1."
  A rFEZ2/iso:r1
  A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-2 isoform Zrp1 (rat)
obo:PR_P97578-2
  D "A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-2 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97578-2."
  A fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-2 isoform Zrp2 (rat)
  A rFEZ2/iso:r2
obo:PR_Q61553
  D "A fascin that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFSCN1
  A singed-like protein (mouse)
obo:PR_000040727
  D "A fascin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q16658-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FSCN1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019935
  D "A fascin that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FSCN1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q61553-1
  D "A fascin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFSCN1/iso:1
obo:PR_D3ZX02
  D "A fascin-2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFSCN2
obo:PR_000038018
  D "A fascin-2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O14926-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FSCN2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6AXQ1
  D "A fascin-3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFSCN3
obo:PR_000043502
  D "A fascin-3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NQT6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FSCN3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NQT6-1
  D "A fascin-3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFSCN3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9QXW4-1
  D "A fascin-3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFSCN3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6DI86
  D "A FAST kinase domain-containing protein 1, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFASTKD1
obo:PR_Q6DI86-1
  D "A FAST kinase domain-containing protein 1, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6DI86-1."
  A mFASTKD1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q6DI86-2
  D "A FAST kinase domain-containing protein 1, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6DI86-2."
  A mFASTKD1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q6DI86-3
  D "A FAST kinase domain-containing protein 1, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6DI86-3."
  A mFASTKD1/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q6DI86-4
  D "A FAST kinase domain-containing protein 1, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6DI86-4."
  A mFASTKD1/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q922E6
  D "A FAST kinase domain-containing protein 2, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFASTKD2
obo:PR_Q14CZ7
  D "A FAST kinase domain-containing protein 3, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFASTKD3
obo:PR_Q68FN9
  D "A FAST kinase domain-containing protein 3, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFASTKD3
obo:PR_Q91V79
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFITM1
  A fat-inducing protein 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q5CZN0
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FITM1
  A fat-inducing protein 1 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000037849
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A5D6W6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FITM1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q91V79-1
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFITM1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8N6M3
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fat-inducing protein 2 (human)
  A hFITM2
obo:PR_P59266
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFITM2
  A fat-inducing protein 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q52KL1
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FITM2
  A fat-inducing protein 2 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000041880
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N6M3-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FITM2/iso:1
obo:PR_P59266-1
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFITM2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8N6M3-1
  D "A fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFITM2/iso:1
obo:PR_O13846
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A ceramide VLCFA hydroxylase scs7 (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-FA2H
obo:PR_Q03529
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A 4-hydroxysphinganine ceramide fatty acyl 2-hydroxylase SCS7 (yeast)
  A dihydroceramide fatty acyl 2-hydroxylase SCS7 (yeast)
  A sphingolipid alpha-hydroxylase (yeast)
  A ceramide VLCFA hydroxylase SCS7 (yeast)
  A yFA2H
  A suppressor of calcium sensitivity 7 (yeast)
obo:PR_Q5MPP0
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFA2H
  A fatty acid alpha-hydroxylase (mouse)
obo:PR_Q2LAM0
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFA2H
  A fatty acid alpha-hydroxylase (rat)
obo:PR_000041351
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L5A8-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FA2H/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5MPP0-1
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFA2H/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5MPP0-2
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5MPP0-2."
  A mFA2H/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q5MPP0-3
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5MPP0-3."
  A mFA2H/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q2LAM0-1
  D "A fatty acid 2-hydroxylase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFA2H/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9JJE7
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFADS3
  A Delta(13) fatty acid desaturase (mouse)
  A Delta(13) desaturase (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8K1P9
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A Delta(13) fatty acid desaturase (rat)
  A Delta(13) desaturase (rat)
  A rFADS3
obo:PR_000043426
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9JJE7-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FADS3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9JJE7-1
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFADS3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8K1P9-1
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFADS3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8N9I5
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFADS6
obo:PR_Q80UG1
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFADS6
obo:PR_Q8N9I5-1
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N9I5-1."
  A hFADS6/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8N9I5-2
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N9I5-2."
  A hFADS6/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q80UG1-1
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 6 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80UG1-1."
  A mFADS6/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q80UG1-2
  D "A fatty acid desaturase 6 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80UG1-2."
  A mFADS6/iso:m2
obo:PR_000024401
  D "A fatty acid metabolism regulator protein that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fadR/InitMet-
obo:PR_P21177
  D "A fatty acid oxidation complex subunit alpha that is a translation product of the fadB gene in Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fadB
obo:PR_P77399
  D "A fatty acid oxidation complex subunit alpha that is a translation product of the fadJ gene in Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fadJ
obo:PR_P12276
  D "A fatty acid synthase that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FASN
obo:PR_P19096
  D "A fatty acid synthase that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFASN
obo:PR_000026824
  D "A fatty acid synthase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49327-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FASN/iso:1
obo:PR_000026826
  D "A fatty acid synthase that has been phosphopantetheinylated at the position equivalent to Ser-2156 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49327. Example: UniProtKB:P49327, Ser-2156, MOD:00159."
  A FASN/OPantSer:1
obo:PR_000007313
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein that is a translation product of the human FABP5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fatty acid-binding protein, epidermal
  A psoriasis-associated fatty acid-binding protein homolog
  A FABP5
  A E-FABP
  A PA-FABP
  A keratinocyte lipid-binding protein
  A epidermal-type fatty acid-binding protein
obo:PR_000007316
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein that is a translation product of the human FABP9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP9
  A 15 kDa perforatorial protein
  A testis lipid-binding protein
  A testis-type fatty acid-binding protein
  A T-FABP
  A TLBP
  A PERF 15
obo:PR_000007312
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein that is a translation product of the human FABP4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein 422
  A P2 adipocyte protein
  A fatty acid-binding protein 4
  A adipocyte-type fatty acid-binding protein
  A 3T3-L1 lipid-binding protein
  A FABP4
  A A-FABP
  A adipocyte lipid-binding protein
  A AFABP
  A myelin P2 protein homolog
  A P15
obo:PR_000007315
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein that is a translation product of the human FABP7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A brain lipid-binding protein
  A B-FABP
  A FABP7
  A BLBP
  A mammary-derived growth inhibitor related
  A brain-type fatty acid-binding protein
  A fatty acid-binding protein 7
obo:PR_000007311
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein that is a translation product of the human FABP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A H-FABP
  A MDGI
  A fatty acid-binding protein 3
  A mammary-derived growth inhibitor
  A heart-type fatty acid-binding protein
  A FABP3
  A muscle fatty acid-binding protein
  A M-FABP
obo:PR_000007310
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein that is a translation product of the human FABP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A I-FABP
  A FABP2
  A intestinal-type fatty acid-binding protein
  A fatty acid-binding protein 2
obo:PR_000007309
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein that is a translation product of the human FABP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fatty acid-binding protein 1
  A liver-type fatty acid-binding protein
  A 14 kDa selenium-binding protein
  A FABP1
  A L-FABP
obo:PR_000007314
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein that is a translation product of the human FABP6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ileal lipid-binding protein
  A I-15P
  A GT
  A intestinal 15 kDa protein
  A FABP6
  A ILBP
  A fatty acid-binding protein 6
  A intestinal bile acid-binding protein
  A I-BABP
obo:PR_P55053
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A C-FABP (rat)
  A cutaneous fatty acid-binding protein (rat)
  A epidermal-type fatty acid-binding protein (rat)
  A DA11 (rat)
  A rFABP5
  A fatty acid-binding protein, epidermal (rat)
  A E-FABP (rat)
obo:PR_000040228
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01469-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP5/iso:1
obo:PR_000019846
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 5 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FABP5/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q01469-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFABP5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q05816-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFABP5/iso:1
obo:PR_O08716
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 9 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A 15 kDa perforatorial protein (mouse)
  A TLBP (mouse)
  A testis-type fatty acid-binding protein (mouse)
  A testis lipid-binding protein (mouse)
  A T-FABP (mouse)
  A mFABP9
  A PERF 15 (mouse)
obo:PR_P55054
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 9 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A TLBP (rat)
  A rFABP9
  A T-FABP (rat)
  A testis lipid-binding protein (rat)
  A testis-type fatty acid-binding protein (rat)
  A PERF 15 (rat)
  A 15 kDa perforatorial protein (rat)
obo:PR_000040352
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 9 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q0Z7S8-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP9/iso:1
obo:PR_O08716-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 9 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFABP9/iso:1
obo:PR_P55054-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 9 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFABP9/iso:1
obo:PR_Q0Z7S8-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 9 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFABP9/iso:1
obo:PR_P15090
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A AFABP (human)
  A ALBP (human)
  A adipocyte-type fatty acid-binding protein (human)
  A A-FABP (human)
  A fatty acid-binding protein 4 (human)
  A hFABP4
  A adipocyte lipid-binding protein (human)
obo:PR_P04117
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A adipocyte-type fatty acid-binding protein (mouse)
  A P2 adipocyte protein (mouse)
  A 3T3-L1 lipid-binding protein (mouse)
  A myelin P2 protein homolog (mouse)
  A A-FABP (mouse)
  A adipocyte lipid-binding protein (mouse)
  A protein 422 (mouse)
  A fatty acid-binding protein 4 (mouse)
  A AFABP (mouse)
  A mFABP4
  A P15 (mouse)
  A ALBP (mouse)
obo:PR_000038923
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15090-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP4/iso:1
obo:PR_000019845
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FABP4/InitMet-
obo:PR_000047359
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P15090, 2-132."
  A UniProtKB:P15090, 2-132
  A PRO_0000067366
  A hFABP4/InitMet-
obo:PR_P04117-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFABP4/iso:1
obo:PR_P15090-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFABP4/iso:1
obo:PR_O15540
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, brain that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A mammary-derived growth inhibitor related (human)
  A brain-type fatty acid-binding protein (human)
  A brain lipid-binding protein (human)
  A B-FABP (human)
  A hFABP7
  A fatty acid-binding protein 7 (human)
obo:PR_P55051
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, brain that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A B-FABP (rat)
  A brain lipid-binding protein (rat)
  A brain-type fatty acid-binding protein (rat)
  A rFABP7
  A BLBP (rat)
  A fatty acid-binding protein 7 (rat)
obo:PR_000038082
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, brain that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15540-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP7/iso:1
obo:PR_000019847
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, brain that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FABP7/InitMet-
obo:PR_O15540-2
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, brain (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15540-2."
  A hFABP7/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047362
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, brain (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:O15540, 2-132."
  A PRO_0000067373
  A hFABP7/InitMet-
  A UniProtKB:O15540, 2-132
obo:PR_P55051-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, brain isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFABP7/iso:1
obo:PR_O15540-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, brain isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFABP7/iso:1
obo:PR_P05413
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, heart that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A mammary-derived growth inhibitor (human)
  A muscle fatty acid-binding protein (human)
  A fatty acid-binding protein 3 (human)
  A M-FABP (human)
  A heart-type fatty acid-binding protein (human)
  A H-FABP (human)
  A hFABP3
obo:PR_P07483
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, heart that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A H-FABP (rat)
  A rFABP3
  A heart-type fatty acid-binding protein (rat)
  A fatty acid-binding protein 3 (rat)
obo:PR_000038678
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, heart that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P05413-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP3/iso:1
obo:PR_000019844
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, heart that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FABP3/InitMet-
obo:PR_000047358
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, heart (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P05413, 2-133."
  A UniProtKB:P05413, 2-133
  A PRO_0000067321
  A hFABP3/InitMet-
obo:PR_P05413-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, heart isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFABP3/iso:1
obo:PR_P07483-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, heart isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFABP3/iso:1
obo:PR_P12104
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A I-FABP (human)
  A intestinal-type fatty acid-binding protein (human)
  A fatty acid-binding protein 2 (human)
  A hFABP2
obo:PR_P55050
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFABP2
  A intestinal-type fatty acid-binding protein (mouse)
  A I-FABP (mouse)
  A fatty acid-binding protein 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_P02693
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFABP2
  A fatty acid-binding protein 2 (rat)
  A intestinal-type fatty acid-binding protein (rat)
  A I-FABP (rat)
obo:PR_000038861
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P12104-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP2/iso:1
obo:PR_000019843
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FABP2/InitMet-
obo:PR_P12104-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFABP2/iso:1
obo:PR_P55050-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFABP2/iso:1
obo:PR_P02693-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFABP2/iso:1
obo:PR_000047357
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, intestinal (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P12104, 2-132."
  A UniProtKB:P12104, 2-132
  A PRO_0000067328
  A hFABP2/InitMet-
obo:PR_P02692
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, liver that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A L-FABP (rat)
  A Z-protein (rat)
  A liver-type fatty acid-binding protein (rat)
  A squalene- and sterol-carrier protein (rat)
  A rFABP1
  A fatty acid-binding protein 1 (rat)
obo:PR_000038702
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, liver that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P07148-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP1/iso:1
obo:PR_P07148-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, liver isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFABP1/iso:1
obo:PR_P02692-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein, liver isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFABP1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9DAK4
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 12 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFABP12
obo:PR_000043117
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 12 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9DAK4-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FABP12/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9DAK4-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 12 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFABP12/iso:1
obo:PR_B7SUM8-1
  D "A fatty acid-binding protein 12 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFABP12/iso:1
obo:PR_Q922J9
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAR1
obo:PR_Q66H50
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFAR1
obo:PR_Q922J9-1
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q922J9-1."
  A mFAR1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q922J9-2
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q922J9-2."
  A mFAR1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q922J9-3
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q922J9-3."
  A mFAR1/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q922J9-4
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q922J9-4."
  A mFAR1/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q96K12
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAR2
  A male sterility domain-containing protein 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q7TNT2
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAR2
obo:PR_000042583
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96K12-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAR2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q1L8Q4
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 2 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FAR2
obo:PR_Q96K12-1
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAR2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96K12-2
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96K12-2."
  A hFAR2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q7TNT2-2
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7TNT2-2."
  A mFAR2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q7TNT2-1
  D "A fatty acyl-CoA reductase 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAR2/iso:1
obo:PR_P97612
  D "A fatty-acid amide hydrolase 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A anandamide amidohydrolase 1 (rat)
  A rFAAH
  A oleamide hydrolase 1 (rat)
obo:PR_000037934
  D "A fatty-acid amide hydrolase 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O00519-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAAH/iso:1
obo:PR_P97612-1
  D "A fatty-acid amide hydrolase 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFAAH/iso:1
obo:PR_O00519-1
  D "A fatty-acid amide hydrolase 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAAH/iso:1
obo:PR_O08914-1
  D "A fatty-acid amide hydrolase 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAAH/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6GMR7
  D "A fatty-acid amide hydrolase 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A oleamide hydrolase 2 (human)
  A hFAAH2
  A amidase domain-containing protein (human)
  A anandamide amidohydrolase 2 (human)
obo:PR_Q7L513
  D "An Fc receptor-like A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A Fc receptor-related protein X (human)
  A Fc receptor-like protein (human)
  A hFCRLA
  A Fc receptor-like and mucin-like protein 1 (human)
  A Fc receptor homolog expressed in B-cells (human)
obo:PR_Q920A9
  D "An Fc receptor-like A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFCRLA
  A Fc receptor homolog expressed in B-cells (mouse)
  A Fc receptor-like and mucin-like protein 1 (mouse)
  A Fc receptor-like protein (mouse)
  A FcRX (mouse)
  A Fc receptor-related protein X (mouse)
obo:PR_Q3B8P2
  D "An Fc receptor-like A that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A Fc receptor-like and mucin-like protein 1 (rat)
  A rFCRLA
obo:PR_000019866
  D "An Fc receptor-like A that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FCRLA/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q7L513-1
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-1."
  A Fc receptor-like A isoform FCRLa (human)
  A hFCRLA/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q7L513-10
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-10."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h10
obo:PR_Q7L513-11
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-11."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h11
obo:PR_Q7L513-12
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-12."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h12
obo:PR_Q7L513-13
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-13."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h13
obo:PR_Q7L513-14
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-14."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h14
obo:PR_Q7L513-15
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-15."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h15
obo:PR_Q7L513-2
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-2."
  A Fc receptor-like A isoform FCRLa1 (human)
  A hFCRLA/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q7L513-3
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-3."
  A Fc receptor-like A isoform FCRLb (human)
  A hFCRLA/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q7L513-4
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-4."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h4
  A Fc receptor-like A isoform FCRLc1 (human)
obo:PR_Q7L513-5
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-5."
  A Fc receptor-like A isoform FCRLc2 (human)
  A hFCRLA/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q7L513-6
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-6."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h6
  A Fc receptor-like A isoform FCRLd (human)
obo:PR_Q7L513-7
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-7."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h7
  A Fc receptor-like A isoform FCRLe (human)
obo:PR_Q7L513-8
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-8."
  A Fc receptor-like A isoform FCRLf (human)
  A hFCRLA/iso:h8
obo:PR_Q7L513-9
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7L513-9."
  A hFCRLA/iso:h9
obo:PR_Q920A9-1
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q920A9-1."
  A mFCRLA/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q920A9-2
  D "An Fc receptor-like A (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q920A9-2."
  A mFCRLA/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q5DRQ8
  D "An Fc receptor-like B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFCRLB
  A Fc receptor-like protein 2 (mouse)
  A Fc receptor-related protein Y (mouse)
  A FREB-2 (mouse)
  A Fc receptor-like and mucin-like protein 2 (mouse)
  A Fc receptor homolog expressed in B-cells protein 2 (mouse)
  A FcRY (mouse)
obo:PR_000019864
  D "An Fc receptor-like protein 2 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FCRL2/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q6DN72
  D "An Fc receptor-like protein 6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFCRL6
  A FcRL6 (human)
  A IFGP6 (human)
  A FcR-like protein 6 (human)
  A Fc receptor homolog 6 (human)
obo:PR_Q6DN72-1
  D "An Fc receptor-like protein 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6DN72-1."
  A hFCRL6/iso:h1
  A Fc receptor-like protein 6 isoform FCRL6v1 (human)
obo:PR_Q6DN72-2
  D "An Fc receptor-like protein 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6DN72-2."
  A hFCRL6/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q6DN72-3
  D "An Fc receptor-like protein 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6DN72-3."
  A hFCRL6/iso:h3
  A Fc receptor-like protein 6 isoform FCRL6v4 (human)
obo:PR_Q6DN72-4
  D "An Fc receptor-like protein 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6DN72-4."
  A hFCRL6/iso:h4
obo:PR_P0AEL3
  D "An Fe(2+) transport protein A that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-feoA
  A ferrous iron transport protein A (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P0A8P3
  D "An Fe(2+)-trafficking protein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-yggX
obo:PR_P15031
  D "An Fe(3+) dicitrate transport ATP-binding protein FecE that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A iron(III) dicitrate transport ATP-binding protein FecE (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fecE
obo:PR_P13036
  D "An Fe(3+) dicitrate transport protein FecA that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A iron(III) dicitrate transport protein FecA (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fecA
obo:PR_000024406
  D "An Fe(3+) dicitrate transport protein FecA that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A fecA/SigPep-
obo:PR_P15030
  D "An Fe(3+) dicitrate transport system permease protein FecC that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fecC
  A iron(III) dicitrate transport system permease protein FecC (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P15028
  D "An Fe(3+) dicitrate-binding periplasmic protein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fecB
  A iron(III) dicitrate-binding periplasmic protein (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P37009
  D "An Fe(3+) ions import ATP-binding protein FbpC that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fbpC
obo:PR_P63020
  D "An Fe/S biogenesis protein NfuA that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-nfuA
obo:PR_B2RXV4
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A major facilitator superfamily domain containing 7B (mouse)
  A mFLVCR1
  A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_000019916
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FLVCR1/InitMet-
obo:PR_B2RXV4-1
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B2RXV4-1."
  A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 1 isoform Flvcr1a (mouse)
  A mFLVCR1/iso:m1
obo:PR_B2RXV4-2
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B2RXV4-2."
  A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 1 isoform Flvcr1b (mouse)
  A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 1 isoform mitochondrial (mouse)
  A mFLVCR1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9UPI3
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A calcium-chelate transporter (human)
  A CCT (human)
  A hFLVCR2
obo:PR_Q91X85
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CCT (mouse)
  A mFLVCR2
  A calcium-chelate transporter (mouse)
obo:PR_P60815
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A CCT (rat)
  A calcium-chelate transporter (rat)
  A rFLVCR2
obo:PR_Q9UPI3-1
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UPI3-1."
  A hFLVCR2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9UPI3-2
  D "A feline leukemia virus subgroup C receptor-related protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UPI3-2."
  A hFLVCR2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q96RJ6
  D "A Fer3-like protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A nephew of atonal 3 (human)
  A neuronal twist (human)
  A basic helix-loop-helix protein N-twist (human)
  A hFERD3L
  A class A basic helix-loop-helix protein 31 (human)
obo:PR_Q923Z4
  D "A Fer3-like protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A neuronal twist (mouse)
  A nephew of atonal 3 (mouse)
  A basic helix-loop-helix protein N-twist (mouse)
  A mFERD3L
obo:PR_Q5SYB0
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFRMPD1
  A FERM domain-containing protein 2 (human)
obo:PR_A2AKB4
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFRMPD1
obo:PR_Q5SYB0-1
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5SYB0-1."
  A hFRMPD1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5SYB0-2
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5SYB0-2."
  A hFRMPD1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5SYB0-3
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5SYB0-3."
  A hFRMPD1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q68DX3
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A PDZ domain-containing protein 5C (human)
  A hFRMPD2
obo:PR_Q68DX3-1
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DX3-1."
  A hFRMPD2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q68DX3-2
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DX3-2."
  A hFRMPD2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q68DX3-3
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DX3-3."
  A hFRMPD2/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q68DX3-4
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DX3-4."
  A hFRMPD2/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q68DX3-5
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DX3-5."
  A hFRMPD2/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q5JV73
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFRMPD3
obo:PR_A2AFR3
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A PSD-95-interacting regulator of spine morphogenesis (mouse)
  A mFRMPD4
  A PDZ domain-containing protein 10 (mouse)
  A preso (mouse)
obo:PR_A2AFR3-1
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AFR3-1."
  A mFRMPD4/iso:m1
obo:PR_A2AFR3-2
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AFR3-2."
  A mFRMPD4/iso:m2
obo:PR_A2AFR3-3
  D "A FERM and PDZ domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AFR3-3."
  A mFRMPD4/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8N878
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFRMD1
obo:PR_Q8N878-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N878-1."
  A hFRMD1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8N878-2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N878-2."
  A hFRMD1/iso:h2
obo:PR_A2A2Y4
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A ovary type protein 4.1 (human)
  A hFRMD3
  A 4.1O (human)
  A band 4.1-like protein 4O (human)
obo:PR_Q8BHD4
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFRMD3
obo:PR_A2A2Y4-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2A2Y4-1."
  A hFRMD3/iso:h1
obo:PR_A2A2Y4-2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2A2Y4-2."
  A hFRMD3/iso:h2
obo:PR_A2A2Y4-3
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2A2Y4-3."
  A hFRMD3/iso:h3
obo:PR_A2A2Y4-4
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2A2Y4-4."
  A hFRMD3/iso:h4
obo:PR_A2A2Y4-5
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2A2Y4-5."
  A hFRMD3/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q8BHD4-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BHD4-1."
  A mFRMD3/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8BHD4-2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BHD4-2."
  A mFRMD3/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8BHD4-3
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BHD4-3."
  A mFRMD3/iso:m3
obo:PR_000030034
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 3 phosphorylated 1 in mouse. UniProtKB:Q8BHD4, Ser-414, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:Q8BHD4, Ser-414, MOD:00046
  A mFRMD3/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q9P2Q2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 4A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFRMD4A
obo:PR_Q9Y2L6
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 4B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A GRP1-binding protein GRSP1 (human)
  A hFRMD4B
obo:PR_Q920B0
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 4B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A Golgi-associated band 4.1-like protein (mouse)
  A GRP1-binding protein GRSP1 (mouse)
  A mFRMD4B
  A GOBLIN (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9Y2L6-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 4B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y2L6-1."
  A hFRMD4B/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9Y2L6-2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 4B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y2L6-2."
  A hFRMD4B/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q920B0-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 4B (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q920B0-1."
  A mFRMD4B/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q920B0-2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 4B (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q920B0-2."
  A mFRMD4B/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q7Z6J6
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFRMD5
obo:PR_Q7Z6J6-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7Z6J6-1."
  A hFRMD5/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q7Z6J6-2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7Z6J6-2."
  A hFRMD5/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8C0V9
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFRMD6
obo:PR_000042622
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 6 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96NE9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FRMD6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8C0V9-2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 6 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C0V9-2."
  A mFRMD6/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8C0V9-3
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 6 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C0V9-3."
  A mFRMD6/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8C0V9-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFRMD6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6ZUT3
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFRMD7
obo:PR_Q6ZUT3-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6ZUT3-1."
  A hFRMD7/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q6ZUT3-2
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6ZUT3-2."
  A hFRMD7/iso:h2
  A FERM domain-containing protein 7 isoform S (human)
obo:PR_Q5U2R3
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 8 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFRMD8
obo:PR_000040826
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 8 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UFK8-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FRMD8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q3UFK8-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 8 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFRMD8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5U2R3-1
  D "A FERM domain-containing protein 8 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFRMD8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9Y4F1
  D "A FERM, ARHGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFARP1
  A PH domain-containing family C member 2 (human)
  A pleckstrin homology domain-containing family C member 2 (human)
  A FERM, RhoGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 (human)
  A chondrocyte-derived ezrin-like protein (human)
obo:PR_F8VPU2
  D "A FERM, ARHGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFARP1
  A FERM, RhoGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_F1LYQ8
  D "A FERM, ARHGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FERM, RhoGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 (rat)
  A rFARP1
obo:PR_Q9Y4F1-1
  D "A FERM, ARHGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y4F1-1."
  A hFARP1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9Y4F1-2
  D "A FERM, ARHGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y4F1-2."
  A hFARP1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9Y4F1-3
  D "A FERM, ARHGEF and pleckstrin domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y4F1-3."
  A hFARP1/iso:h3
obo:PR_P59113
  D "A fermitin family homolog 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFERMT1
  A unc-112-related protein 1 (mouse)
  A kindlin-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_000042834
  D "A fermitin family homolog 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQL6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FERMT1/iso:1
obo:PR_P59113-1
  D "A fermitin family homolog 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFERMT1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9BQL6-1
  D "A fermitin family homolog 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFERMT1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96AC1
  D "A fermitin family homolog 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A MIG-2 (human)
  A kindlin-2 (human)
  A hFERMT2
  A pleckstrin homology domain-containing family C member 1 (human)
  A mitogen-inducible gene 2 protein (human)
  A PH domain-containing family C member 1 (human)
obo:PR_F1Q8X5
  D "A fermitin family homolog 2 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A kindlin-2 (zebrafish)
  A z-FERMT2
obo:PR_000042425
  D "A fermitin family homolog 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96AC1-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FERMT2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96AC1-2
  D "A fermitin family homolog 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96AC1-2."
  A hFERMT2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q96AC1-3
  D "A fermitin family homolog 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96AC1-3."
  A hFERMT2/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q96AC1-1
  D "A fermitin family homolog 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFERMT2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q86UX7
  D "A fermitin family homolog 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A kindlin-3 (human)
  A MIG2-like protein (human)
  A hFERMT3
  A unc-112-related protein 2 (human)
obo:PR_Q8K1B8
  D "A fermitin family homolog 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFERMT3
  A kindlin-3 (mouse)
  A unc-112-related protein 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q86UX7-1
  D "A fermitin family homolog 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86UX7-1."
  A fermitin family homolog 3 isoform Long (human)
  A fermitin family homolog 3 isoform URP2LF (human)
  A hFERMT3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q86UX7-2
  D "A fermitin family homolog 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q86UX7-2."
  A hFERMT3/iso:h2
  A fermitin family homolog 3 isoform URP2SF (human)
  A fermitin family homolog 3 isoform Short (human)
obo:PR_Q9CPW2
  D "A ferredoxin-2, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFDX2
  A adrenodoxin-like protein (mouse)
  A ferredoxin-1-like protein (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9CPW2-1
  D "A ferredoxin-2, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9CPW2-1."
  A mFDX2/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q9CPW2-2
  D "A ferredoxin-2, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9CPW2-2."
  A mFDX2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q3UY23
  D "A ferredoxin-fold anticodon-binding domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFDXACB1
  A FDX-ACDB domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q3UY23-1
  D "A ferredoxin-fold anticodon-binding domain-containing protein 1 homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UY23-1."
  A mFDXACB1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q3UY23-2
  D "A ferredoxin-fold anticodon-binding domain-containing protein 1 homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UY23-2."
  A mFDXACB1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q3UY23-3
  D "A ferredoxin-fold anticodon-binding domain-containing protein 1 homolog (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UY23-3."
  A mFDXACB1/iso:m3
obo:PR_P68646
  D "A ferredoxin-like protein FixX that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fixX
obo:PR_Q46905
  D "A ferredoxin-like protein YgcO that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-ygcO
obo:PR_P23878
  D "A ferric enterobactin transport ATP-binding protein FepC that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fepC
obo:PR_P23876
  D "A ferric enterobactin transport system permease protein FepD that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fepD
obo:PR_P23877
  D "A ferric enterobactin transport system permease protein FepG that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fepG
obo:PR_P39405
  D "A ferric iron reductase protein FhuF that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fhuF
obo:PR_P0A9A9
  D "A ferric uptake regulation protein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fur
  A ferric uptake regulator (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_Q8K385
  D "A ferric-chelate reductase 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFRRS1
  A stromal cell-derived receptor 2 (mouse)
  A SDR-2 (mouse)
obo:PR_000041294
  D "A ferric-chelate reductase 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6ZNA5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FRRS1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8K385-1
  D "A ferric-chelate reductase 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFRRS1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6ZNA5-1
  D "A ferric-chelate reductase 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFRRS1/iso:1
obo:PR_P06971
  D "A ferrichrome outer membrane transporter/phage receptor that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fhuA
  A ferric hydroxamate receptor (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A ferrichrome-iron receptor (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A ferric hydroxamate uptake (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_000024410
  D "A ferrichrome outer membrane transporter/phage receptor that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A fhuA/SigPep-
obo:PR_000024408
  D "A ferrienterobactin receptor that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A fepA/SigPep-
obo:PR_P02794
  D "A ferritin heavy chain that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A cell proliferation-inducing gene 15 protein (human)
  A ferritin H subunit (human)
  A hFTH1
obo:PR_P19132
  D "A ferritin heavy chain that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFTH1
  A ferritin H subunit (rat)
obo:PR_000019942
  D "A ferritin heavy chain that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FTH1/InitMet-
obo:PR_P02792
  D "A ferritin light chain that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A ferritin L subunit (human)
  A hFTL
obo:PR_000019943
  D "A ferritin light chain that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FTL/InitMet-
obo:PR_000047457
  D "A ferritin light chain (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P02792, 2-175."
  A UniProtKB:P02792, 2-175
  A PRO_0000201060
  A hFTL/InitMet-
obo:PR_P29391
  D "A ferritin light chain 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFtl1
  A ferritin L subunit 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_P49945
  D "A ferritin light chain 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A ferritin subunit LG (mouse)
  A ferritin L subunit 2 (mouse)
  A mFtl2
obo:PR_Q8N4E7
  D "A ferritin, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFTMT
obo:PR_Q9D5H4
  D "A ferritin, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFTMT
obo:PR_C0RK28
  D "A ferrochelatase that is encoded in the genome of Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457."
  A hemH (BRUMB)
  A protoheme ferro-lyase (Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457)
  A heme synthase (Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457)
obo:PR_P23871
  D "A ferrochelatase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A protoheme ferro-lyase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A heme synthase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-hemH
obo:PR_P22830
  D "A ferrochelatase, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFECH
  A protoheme ferro-lyase (human)
  A heme synthase (human)
obo:PR_O59786
  D "A ferrochelatase, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A protoheme ferro-lyase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-FECH
  A heme synthase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P16622
  D "A ferrochelatase, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A heme synthase (yeast)
  A protoheme ferro-lyase (yeast)
  A yFECH
obo:PR_000019872
  D "A ferrochelatase, mitochondrial that has had the transit peptide removed."
  A FECH/TransPep-
obo:PR_P22830-1
  D "A ferrochelatase, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P22830-1."
  A hFECH/iso:h1
obo:PR_P22830-2
  D "A ferrochelatase, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P22830-2."
  A hFECH/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047396
  D "A ferrochelatase, mitochondrial (human) that has had the transit peptide removed. UniProtKB:P22830, 55-423."
  A PRO_0000008873
  A hFECH/TransPep-
  A UniProtKB:P22830, 55-423
obo:PR_P77522
  D "An FeS cluster assembly protein SufB that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-sufB
obo:PR_Q2FZY3
  D "An FeS cluster assembly protein SufB that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325."
  A sufB (STAA8)
obo:PR_Q969F0
  D "A fetal and adult testis-expressed transcript protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CT43 (human)
  A tumor antigen BJ-HCC-2 (human)
  A hFATE1
  A cancer/testis antigen 43 (human)
obo:PR_A0PJY2
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFEZF1
  A zinc finger protein 312B (human)
obo:PR_000037822
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0PJY2-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FEZF1/iso:1
obo:PR_A0PJY2-1
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFEZF1/iso:1
obo:PR_A0PJY2-2
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0PJY2-2."
  A hFEZF1/iso:h2
obo:PR_A0PJY2-3
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A0PJY2-3."
  A hFEZF1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q0VDQ9-1
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFEZF1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8TBJ5
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A forebrain embryonic zinc finger-like protein 2 (human)
  A hFEZF2
  A zinc finger protein 312 (human)
  A zinc finger protein Fez-like (human)
obo:PR_Q9ESP5
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A zinc finger protein Fez-like (mouse)
  A zinc finger protein 312 (mouse)
  A mFEZF2
  A forebrain embryonic zinc finger-like protein 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8TBJ5-1
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8TBJ5-1."
  A hFEZF2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8TBJ5-2
  D "A fez family zinc finger protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8TBJ5-2."
  A hFEZF2/iso:h2
obo:PR_O95684
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR1OP
obo:PR_Q66JX5
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1OP
obo:PR_Q4V7C1
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGFR1OP
obo:PR_000038555
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95684-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1OP/iso:1
obo:PR_000038556
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95684-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1OP/iso:2
obo:PR_000019891
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FGFR1OP/InitMet-
obo:PR_O95684-1
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR1OP/iso:1
obo:PR_O95684-2
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR1OP/iso:2
  A FGFR1 oncogene partner isoform B (human)
obo:PR_O95684-3
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95684-3."
  A hFGFR1OP/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q66JX5-1
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1OP/iso:1
obo:PR_Q66JX5-2
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1OP/iso:2
obo:PR_Q4V7C1-1
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGFR1OP/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9CRA9
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1OP2
obo:PR_000043592
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVK5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1OP2/iso:1
obo:PR_000043593
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NVK5-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1OP2/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9CRA9-1
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1OP2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9CRA9-2
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner 2 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1OP2/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9NVK5-1
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR1OP2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NVK5-2
  D "An FGFR1 oncogene partner 2 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR1OP2/iso:2
obo:PR_A2AJL3
  D "An FGGY carbohydrate kinase domain-containing protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGGY
obo:PR_Q6NUW9
  D "An FGGY carbohydrate kinase domain-containing protein that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FGGY
obo:PR_A2AJL3-1
  D "An FGGY carbohydrate kinase domain-containing protein (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AJL3-1."
  A mFGGY/iso:m1
obo:PR_A2AJL3-2
  D "An FGGY carbohydrate kinase domain-containing protein (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AJL3-2."
  A mFGGY/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9Y613
  D "An FH1/FH2 domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFHOD1
  A formin homology 2 domain-containing protein 1 (human)
  A formin homolog overexpressed in spleen 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q6P9Q4
  D "An FH1/FH2 domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A formin homolog overexpressed in spleen 1 (mouse)
  A formin homology 2 domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
  A mFHOD1
  A FHOS (mouse)
obo:PR_000019900
  D "An FH1/FH2 domain-containing protein 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FHOD1/InitMet-
obo:PR_000035946
  D "An FH1/FH2 domain-containing protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q76LL6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FH1/FH2 domain-containing protein 3 isoform 1
  A FHOD3/iso:FHOS2L
obo:PR_000035944
  D "An FH1/FH2 domain-containing protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q76LL6-4 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FHOD3 isoform 4
  A FHOD3/iso:FHOS2M
obo:PR_000035940
  D "An FH1/FH2 domain-containing protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q76LL6-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FHOD3 isoform 2
  A FHOD3/iso:FHOS2S
obo:PR_Q3ULZ2
  D "An FH2 domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFHDC1
  A inverted formin-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_P16869
  D "An FhuE receptor that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fhuE
  A outer-membrane receptor for Fe(III)-coprogen, Fe(III)-ferrioxamine B and Fe(III)-rhodotrulic acid (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_000024414
  D "An FhuE receptor that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A fhuE/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q61554
  D "A fibrillin-1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBN1
obo:PR_Q61555
  D "A fibrillin-2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBN2
obo:PR_P02671
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGA
obo:PR_E9PV24
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGA
obo:PR_000019875
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FGA/ClvPrd
obo:PR_000019874
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGA/SigPep-
obo:PR_P02671-1
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02671-1."
  A fibrinogen alpha chain isoform Alpha-E (human)
  A hFGA/iso:h1
obo:PR_P02671-2
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02671-2."
  A fibrinogen alpha chain isoform Alpha (human)
  A hFGA/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047397
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P02671, 20-866."
  A UniProtKB:P02671, 20-866
  A hFGA/SigPep-
obo:PR_E9PV24-1
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:E9PV24-1."
  A mFGA/iso:m1
obo:PR_E9PV24-2
  D "A fibrinogen alpha chain (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:E9PV24-2."
  A mFGA/iso:m2
obo:PR_P02675
  D "A fibrinogen beta chain that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGB
obo:PR_P14480
  D "A fibrinogen beta chain that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A liver regeneration-related protein LRRG036/LRRG043/LRRG189 (rat)
  A rFGB
obo:PR_000019878
  D "A fibrinogen beta chain that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FGB/ClvPrd
obo:PR_000019877
  D "A fibrinogen beta chain that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGB/SigPep-
obo:PR_P14480-1
  D "A fibrinogen beta chain (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P14480-1."
  A rFGB/iso:r1
obo:PR_P14480-2
  D "A fibrinogen beta chain (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P14480-2."
  A rFGB/iso:r2
obo:PR_000047398
  D "A fibrinogen beta chain (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P02675, 31-491."
  A UniProtKB:P02675, 31-491
  A hFGB/SigPep-
obo:PR_P02679
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGG
obo:PR_Q8VCM7
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGG
obo:PR_P02680
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGG
obo:PR_000019895
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGG/SigPep-
obo:PR_P02679-2
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02679-2."
  A hFGG/iso:Gamma-A
obo:PR_P02679-1
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02679-1."
  A fibrinogen gamma chain isoform Gamma' (human)
  A hFGG/iso:Gamma-B
obo:PR_P02680-2
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02680-2."
  A rFGG/iso:Gamma-A
obo:PR_P02680-1
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02680-1."
  A rFGG/iso:Gamma-B
obo:PR_000047417
  D "A fibrinogen gamma chain (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P02679, 27-453."
  A UniProtKB:P02679, 27-453
  A PRO_0000009099
  A hFGG/SigPep-
obo:PR_O95073
  D "A fibrinogen silencer-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFSBP
obo:PR_D3ZXW3
  D "A fibrinogen silencer-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFSBP
obo:PR_000038483
  D "A fibrinogen silencer-binding protein that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95073-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FSBP/iso:1
obo:PR_O95073-1
  D "A fibrinogen silencer-binding protein isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFSBP/iso:1
obo:PR_O95073-2
  D "A fibrinogen silencer-binding protein (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95073-2."
  A hFSBP/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q6GHS9
  D "A fibrinogen-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus MRSA252."
  A fib (STAAR)
obo:PR_P68799
  D "A fibrinogen-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus Mu50."
  A fib (STAAM)
obo:PR_Q2FZB8
  D "A fibrinogen-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325."
  A fib (STAA8)
obo:PR_000029178
  D "A fibrinogen-binding protein that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A fib/SigPep-
obo:PR_A6U0X5
  D "A fibrinogen-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus JH1."
  A fib (STAA2)
obo:PR_Q5M8C6
  D "A fibrinogen-like protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGL1
obo:PR_000041320
  D "A fibrinogen-like protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q71KU9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGL1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019897
  D "A fibrinogen-like protein 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGL1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q5M8C6-1
  D "A fibrinogen-like protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGL1/iso:1
obo:PR_P05230
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A HBGF-1 (human)
  A acidic fibroblast growth factor (human)
  A ECGF (human)
  A endothelial cell growth factor (human)
  A aFGF (human)
  A hFGF1
  A FGF-1 (human)
  A heparin-binding growth factor 1 (human)
obo:PR_000038673
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P05230-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019879
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 1 that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FGF1/ClvPrd
obo:PR_P05230-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P05230-2."
  A hFGF1/iso:h2
obo:PR_P05230-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGF1/iso:1
obo:PR_P61149-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF1/iso:1
obo:PR_000042360
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 11 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q92914-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF11/iso:1
obo:PR_000039940
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 12 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P61328-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF12/iso:1
obo:PR_000039941
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 12 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P61328-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF12/iso:2
obo:PR_P61150-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 12 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A fibroblast growth factor 12 isoform Fhf1a (rat)
  A rFGF12/iso:1
obo:PR_P61150-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 12 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A fibroblast growth factor 12 isoform Fhf1b (rat)
  A rFGF12/iso:2
obo:PR_000042357
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 13 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q92913-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF13/iso:1
obo:PR_000042358
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 13 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q92913-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF13/iso:2
obo:PR_000042359
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 13 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q92913-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF13/iso:3
obo:PR_P70377-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform mFHF-2(1S) (mouse)
  A mFGF13/iso:1
  A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform FGF13A (mouse)
  A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform FGF13-S (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9ERW3-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF13/iso:1
obo:PR_P70377-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF13/iso:2
  A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform FGF13B (mouse)
  A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform mFHF-2(1U) (mouse)
  A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform FGF13-U (mouse)
obo:PR_P70377-3
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform mFHF-2(1Y+1V) (mouse)
  A fibroblast growth factor 13 isoform FGF13-VY (mouse)
  A mFGF13/iso:3
obo:PR_Q8R5L7
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 14 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF14
  A FGF-14 (rat)
obo:PR_000037443
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 14 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P70379-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF-14 isoform 1
  A FGF14/iso:1
obo:PR_000037444
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 14 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P70379-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF-14 isoform 2
  A FGF14/iso:2
obo:PR_000037445
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 14 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O89096 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF14/iso:3
obo:PR_Q92915-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 14 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGF14/iso:1
obo:PR_Q92915-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 14 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGF14/iso:3
obo:PR_Q9ESL8
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 16 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FGF-16 (mouse)
  A mFGF16
obo:PR_O54769
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 16 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF16
  A FGF-16 (rat)
obo:PR_Q2HXK8
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 16 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A FGF16 (zebrafish)
  A z-FGF16
obo:PR_000038129
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 16 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O43320-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF16/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9ESL8-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 16 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF16/iso:1
obo:PR_O43320-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 16 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGF16/iso:1
obo:PR_O54769-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 16 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF16/iso:1
obo:PR_P63075
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 17 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF17
  A FGF-17 (mouse)
obo:PR_P63076
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 17 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FGF-17 (rat)
  A rFGF17
obo:PR_Q6SJP8
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 17 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A FGF-17b (zebrafish)
  A z-FGF17
  A FGF-17 (zebrafish)
  A fibroblast growth factor 17b (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000038229
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 17 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O60258-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF17/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6SJP8-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 17 (zebrafish) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6SJP8-1."
  A z-FGF17/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6SJP8-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 17 (zebrafish) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6SJP8-2."
  A z-FGF17/iso:2
obo:PR_P63075-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 17 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF17/iso:1
obo:PR_P63076-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 17 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF17/iso:1
obo:PR_O88182
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 18 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF18
  A FGF-18 (rat)
obo:PR_000038433
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 18 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O76093-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF18/iso:1
obo:PR_O89101-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 18 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF18/iso:1
obo:PR_O88182-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 18 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF18/iso:1
obo:PR_000019881
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 19 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGF19/SigPep-
obo:PR_P48800
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FGF2
  A FGF-2 (chicken)
  A basic fibroblast growth factor (chicken)
  A heparin-binding growth factor 2 (chicken)
  A HBGF-2 (chicken)
  A bFGF (chicken)
obo:PR_P09038
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A bFGF (human)
  A FGF-2 (human)
  A HBGF-2 (human)
  A basic fibroblast growth factor (human)
  A hFGF2
  A heparin-binding growth factor 2 (human)
obo:PR_P15655
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FGF-2 (mouse)
  A HBGF-2 (mouse)
  A bFGF (mouse)
  A basic fibroblast growth factor (mouse)
  A mFGF2
  A heparin-binding growth factor 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_P13109
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A heparin-binding growth factor 2 (rat)
  A HBGF-2 (rat)
  A basic fibroblast growth factor (rat)
  A bFGF (rat)
  A rFGF2
  A FGF-2 (rat)
obo:PR_000038936
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15655-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF2/iso:1
obo:PR_000019882
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FGF2/ClvPrd
obo:PR_P09038-4
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P09038-4."
  A hFGF2/iso:h1
obo:PR_P09038-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P09038-1."
  A hFGF2/iso:h2
obo:PR_P09038-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P09038-2."
  A hFGF2/iso:h3
obo:PR_P09038-3
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P09038-3."
  A hFGF2/iso:h4
obo:PR_P15655-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF2/iso:1
obo:PR_P13109-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NP95
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 20 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGF20
  A FGF-20 (human)
obo:PR_Q9ESL9
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 20 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF20
  A FGF-20 (mouse)
obo:PR_000043464
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 20 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NP95-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF20/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NP95-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 20 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGF20/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9ESL9-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 20 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF20/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NSA1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 21 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FGF-21 (human)
  A hFGF21
obo:PR_Q9JJN1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 21 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF21
  A FGF-21 (mouse)
obo:PR_000019884
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 21 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGF21/SigPep-
obo:PR_000047402
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 21 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9NSA1, 29-209."
  A UniProtKB:Q9NSA1, 29-209
  A hFGF21/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000008994
obo:PR_Q9HCT0
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 22 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGF22
  A FGF-22 (human)
obo:PR_000047403
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 22 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9HCT0, 23-170."
  A UniProtKB:Q9HCT0, 23-170
  A hFGF22/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000008996
obo:PR_000043189
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 23 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9GZV9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF23/iso:1
obo:PR_000019887
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 23 that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FGF23/ClvPrd
obo:PR_000019886
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 23 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGF23/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q8VI82-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 23 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF23/iso:1
obo:PR_000047404
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 23 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9GZV9, 25-251."
  A hFGF23/SigPep-
  A UniProtKB:Q9GZV9, 25-251
  A PRO_0000008998
obo:PR_P48801
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 3 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FGF3
  A HBGF-3 (chicken)
  A heparin-binding growth factor 3 (chicken)
obo:PR_P05524
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FGF-3 (mouse)
  A heparin-binding growth factor 3 (mouse)
  A proto-oncogene Int-2 (mouse)
  A HBGF-3 (mouse)
  A mFGF3
obo:PR_P48802
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 3 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A FGF-3 (zebrafish)
  A z-FGF3
  A HBGF-3 (zebrafish)
  A heparin-binding growth factor 3 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_P05524-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P05524-2."
  A mFGF3/iso:m1
obo:PR_P05524-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P05524-1."
  A mFGF3/iso:m2
obo:PR_P48804
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 4 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A heparin-binding growth factor 4 (chicken)
  A chick-FGF4
  A HBGF-4 (chicken)
  A FGF-4 (chicken)
obo:PR_P12034
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A heparin-binding growth factor 5 (human)
  A FGF-5 (human)
  A hFGF5
  A HBGF-5 (human)
  A Smag-82 (human)
obo:PR_P15656
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A HBGF-5 (mouse)
  A FGF-5 (mouse)
  A heparin-binding growth factor 5 (mouse)
  A mFGF5
obo:PR_P48807
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF5
  A heparin-binding growth factor 5 (rat)
  A HBGF-5 (rat)
  A FGF-5 (rat)
obo:PR_000038937
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15656-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF5/iso:2
obo:PR_P12034-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P12034-1."
  A hFGF5/iso:Long
obo:PR_P12034-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P12034-2."
  A fibroblast growth factor 5 isoform FGF-5S (human)
  A hFGF5/iso:Short
obo:PR_P15656-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15656-1."
  A mFGF5/iso:Long
obo:PR_P48807-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48807-1."
  A rFGF5/iso:Long
obo:PR_P15656-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF5/iso:Short
  A fibroblast growth factor 5 isoform FGF-5S (mouse)
obo:PR_P48807-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 5 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A fibroblast growth factor 5 isoform FGF-5S (rat)
  A rFGF5/iso:Short
obo:PR_000038818
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 6 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P10767-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF6/iso:1
obo:PR_P21658-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF6/iso:1
obo:PR_P36363
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 7 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A KGF (mouse)
  A keratinocyte growth factor (mouse)
  A FGF-7 (mouse)
  A heparin-binding growth factor 7 (mouse)
  A mFGF7
  A HBGF-7 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q02195
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 7 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF7
  A HBGF-7 (rat)
  A FGF-7 (rat)
  A keratinocyte growth factor (rat)
  A heparin-binding growth factor 7 (rat)
obo:PR_000039061
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 7 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P21781-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF7/iso:1
obo:PR_000019889
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 7 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGF7/SigPep-
obo:PR_P36363-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF7/iso:1
obo:PR_000047408
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 7 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P21781, 32-194."
  A UniProtKB:P21781, 32-194
  A hFGF7/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000008965
obo:PR_O57341
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 8 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A FGF-8 (zebrafish)
  A z-FGF8
obo:PR_000039786
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 8 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P55075-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF8 isoform 2
  A FGF8/iso:FGF-8A
  A fibroblast growth factor 8 isoform 2
obo:PR_000039787
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 8 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P55075-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF8 isoform 3
  A FGF8/iso:FGF-8B
  A fibroblast growth factor 8 isoform 3
obo:PR_P37237-3
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 8 isoform FGF-8A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF8/iso:FGF-8A
obo:PR_P37237-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 8 isoform FGF-8B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF8/iso:FGF-8B
obo:PR_P31371
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 9 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A heparin-binding growth factor 9 (human)
  A FGF-9 (human)
  A GAF (human)
  A glia-activating factor (human)
  A hFGF9
  A HBGF-9 (human)
obo:PR_P54130
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 9 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF9
  A glia-activating factor (mouse)
  A FGF-9 (mouse)
  A GAF (mouse)
  A HBGF-9 (mouse)
obo:PR_P36364
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 9 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A glia-activating factor (rat)
  A GAF (rat)
  A rFGF9
  A HBGF-9 (rat)
  A FGF-9 (rat)
obo:PR_000039279
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 9 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P31371-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF9/iso:1
obo:PR_000019890
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 9 that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FGF9/ClvPrd
obo:PR_P36364-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 9 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGF9/iso:1
obo:PR_P31371-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 9 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGF9/iso:1
obo:PR_P54130-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor 9 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGF9/iso:1
obo:PR_000001448
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor that is a translation product of the human FGFR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Fms-like tyrosine kinase 2
  A bFGF-R-1
  A FGFR1
  A FLT-2
  A MFR
  A CD331
  A FGFR-1
obo:PR_000001449
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor that is a translation product of the human FGFR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A keratinocyte growth factor receptor
  A FGFR-2
  A K-sam
  A CD332
  A FGFR2
obo:PR_000001450
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor that is a translation product of the human FGFR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR-3
  A CD333
  A heparin-binding growth factor receptor
  A FGFR3
obo:PR_000001451
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor that is a translation product of the human FGFR4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR4
  A CD334
  A FGFR-4
  A protein-tyrosine kinase receptor MPK-11
obo:PR_P11362
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A bFGF-R-1 (human)
  A N-sam (human)
  A CD331 (human)
  A fms-like tyrosine kinase 2 (human)
  A FLT-2 (human)
  A FGFR-1 (human)
  A hFGFR1
  A basic fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human)
obo:PR_P16092
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A bFGF-R-1 (mouse)
  A basic fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (mouse)
  A mFGFR1
  A FGFR-1 (mouse)
  A MFR (mouse)
  A CD331 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q04589
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A basic fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (rat)
  A CD331 (rat)
  A rFGFR1
  A bFGF-R-1 (rat)
  A MFR (rat)
  A FGFR-1 (rat)
obo:PR_000025687
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P16092-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1/iso:1
obo:PR_000025689
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P16092-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1/iso:3
obo:PR_000038843
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-7 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1/iso:A
  A FGFR1 isoform 7
obo:PR_000025688
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1 isoform 2
  A FGFR1/iso:AlphaA3
obo:PR_000038842
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-14 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR1 isoform 14
  A basic fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 14
  A FGFR1/iso:I
obo:PR_000018483
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFR1/SigPep-
obo:PR_P11362-5
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-5."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h10
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Gamma A1 (human)
obo:PR_P11362-12
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-12."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h11
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Gamma A2 (human)
obo:PR_P11362-6
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-6."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h12
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Gamma B1 (human)
obo:PR_P11362-13
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-13."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h13
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Gamma B2 (human)
obo:PR_P11362-15
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-15."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h16
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform V (human)
obo:PR_P11362-16
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-16."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h17
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform H4 (human)
obo:PR_P11362-18
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-18."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h18
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform H5 (human)
obo:PR_P11362-19
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-19."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h19
obo:PR_P11362-8
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-8."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Alpha A2 (human)
  A hFGFR1/iso:h2
obo:PR_P11362-20
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-20."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h20
obo:PR_P11362-21
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-21."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h21
obo:PR_P11362-17
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-17."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Alpha A3 (human)
  A hFGFR1/iso:h3
obo:PR_P11362-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-2."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Alpha B1 (human)
  A hFGFR1/iso:h4
obo:PR_P11362-9
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-9."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Alpha B2 (human)
  A hFGFR1/iso:h5
obo:PR_P11362-10
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-10."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Beta A2 (human)
  A hFGFR1/iso:h7
obo:PR_P11362-4
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-4."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Beta B1 (human)
  A hFGFR1/iso:h8
obo:PR_P11362-11
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-11."
  A hFGFR1/iso:h9
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform Beta B2 (human)
obo:PR_000045670
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (human) that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Ser-777 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11362-1. Example: UniProtKB:P11362-1, Ser-777, MOD:00046."
  A hFGFR1/Phos:1
obo:PR_P16092-5
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P16092-5."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform FGFR1-IIIb (mouse)
  A mFgfr1/iso:m5
obo:PR_P11362-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P16092-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1/iso:1
obo:PR_000026942
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 1, signal peptide removed form in human. UniProtKB:P11362-1, 22-822."
  A hFGFR1/iso:1/SigPep-
  A UniProtKB:P11362-1, 22-822
  A PRO_0000016780
obo:PR_P16092-3
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1/iso:3
obo:PR_P11362-7
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform III (human)
  A hFGFR1/iso:A
  A FGFR1 isoform 14 (human)
obo:PR_P16092-6
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1/iso:A
  A Fgfr1 isoform 6 (mouse)
obo:PR_P11362-3
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform AlphaA3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR1/iso:AlphaA3
  A FGFR1 isoform 2 (human)
obo:PR_P16092-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform AlphaA3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR1/iso:AlphaA3
  A basic fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 2 (mouse)
  A Fgfr1 isoform 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_P11362-14
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform I that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 15 (human)
  A hFGFR1/iso:I
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform H3 (human)
obo:PR_P16092-4
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform I that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 4 (mouse)
  A Fgfr1 isoform 4 (mouse)
  A mFGFR1/iso:I
obo:PR_000026656
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 isoform 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFR1/iso:1/SigPep-
obo:PR_000025695
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P21803-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR2/iso:1
obo:PR_000025696
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P21803-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR2/iso:2
obo:PR_000018485
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFR2/SigPep-
obo:PR_P21802-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR2/iso:1
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 isoform BEK (human)
obo:PR_P21803-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR2/iso:1
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 isoform long (mouse)
obo:PR_000026653
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 isoform 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFR2/iso:1/SigPep-
obo:PR_P21803-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 isoform short (mouse)
  A mFGFR2/iso:2
obo:PR_P18460
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A FGFR-3 (chicken)
  A tyrosine kinase receptor CEK2 (chicken)
  A chick-FGFR3
obo:PR_Q61851
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A heparin-binding growth factor receptor (mouse)
  A FGFR-3 (mouse)
  A CD333 (mouse)
  A mFGFR3
obo:PR_000025700
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61851-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR3/iso:1
obo:PR_000025701
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61851-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR3/iso:2
obo:PR_000018487
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFR3/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q61851-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 isoform IIIc (mouse)
  A mFGFR3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q61851-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 isoform IIIb (mouse)
  A mFGFR3/iso:2
obo:PR_000026699
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 isoform 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFR3/iso:1/SigPep-
obo:PR_P22455
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FGFR-4 (human)
  A hFGFR4
  A CD334 (human)
obo:PR_Q03142
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR4
  A CD334 (mouse)
  A protein-tyrosine kinase receptor MPK-11 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q498D6
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGFR4
  A CD334 (rat)
  A FGFR-4 (rat)
obo:PR_000025672
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q03142-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR4/iso:1
obo:PR_000025673
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q03142-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFR4/iso:2
obo:PR_000018489
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFR4/SigPep-
obo:PR_P22455-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P22455-2."
  A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 isoform Soluble-form (human)
  A hFGFR4/iso:h2
obo:PR_P22455-3
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P22455-3."
  A hFGFR4/iso:h3
obo:PR_P22455-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFR4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q03142-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFR4/iso:1
obo:PR_000026657
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 isoform 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFR4/iso:1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q03142-2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse. This isoform lacks the region encoded by exon 16."
  A mFGFR4/iso:2
  A Fgfr4(-16)
obo:PR_000047414
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P22455, 22-802."
  A PRO_0000016787
  A UniProtKB:P22455, 22-802
  A hFGFR4/SigPep-
obo:PR_000026207
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8WU20-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FRS2/iso:1
obo:PR_000019931
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FRS2/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q8WU20-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFRS2/iso:1
obo:PR_000026579
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2 isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FRS2/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_000047448
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q8WU20, 2-508."
  A hFRS2/InitMet-
  A PRO_0000087344
  A UniProtKB:Q8WU20, 2-508
obo:PR_000026209
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2, initiator methionine removed form that has been phosphorylated by activated TrkA. FRS2 is an adapter protein that links NGF receptors to downstream signaling pathways. It is involved in the activation of MAP kinases. Example: UniProtKB:Q8WU20-1, Tyr-196/Tyr-306/Tyr-349/Tyr-392/Tyr-436/Tyr-471, MOD:00048."
  A FRS2/InitMet-/Phos:1
obo:PR_000026214
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2, initiator methionine removed phosphorylated 1 in human. UniProtKB:Q8WU20, 2-508, Tyr-196/Tyr-306/Tyr-349/Tyr-392/Tyr-436/Tyr-471, MOD:00048."
  A UniProtKB:Q8WU20, 2-508, Tyr-196/Tyr-306/Tyr-349/Tyr-392/Tyr-436/Tyr-471, MOD:00048
  A PRO_0000087344, Tyr-196/Tyr-306/Tyr-349/Tyr-392/Tyr-436/Tyr-471, MOD:00048
  A hFRS2/InitMet-/Phos:1
obo:PR_O43559
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A SNT-2 (human)
  A FGFR substrate 3 (human)
  A hFRS3
  A Suc1-associated neurotrophic factor target 2 (human)
  A FGFR-signaling adaptor SNT2 (human)
obo:PR_000042243
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q91WJ0-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FRS3/iso:1
obo:PR_000047452
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 3 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:O43559, 2-492."
  A UniProtKB:O43559, 2-492
  A hFRS3/InitMet-
  A PRO_0000087346
obo:PR_000047453
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 3 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed and has been post-translationally modified to include phosphotyrosine at positions 192, 287, 322, 417 and 455 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O43559. UniProtKB:O43559, 2-492, Tyr-192/Tyr-287/Tyr-322/Tyr-417/Tyr-455, MOD:00048."
  A UniProtKB:O43559, 2-492, Tyr-192/Tyr-287/Tyr-322/Tyr-417/Tyr-455, MOD:00048
  A PRO_0000087346, Tyr-192/Tyr-287/Tyr-322/Tyr-417/Tyr-455, MOD:00048
  A hFRS3/InitMet-/Phos:1
obo:PR_000025679
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q91V87-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFRL1/iso:1
obo:PR_000025680
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q91V87-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This isoform differs from isoform 1 in that it lacks one copy of the 3 Immunoglobulin C-2 Type domains found in isoform 1 (the most N-terminal copy)."
  A FGFRL1/iso:2
obo:PR_000025681
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N441-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGFRL1/iso:3
obo:PR_000019893
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFRL1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q91V87-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFRL1/iso:1
  A FGFR5beta (mouse)
  A FGFR5b (mouse)
obo:PR_000025685
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGFRL1/iso:2
obo:PR_Q8N441-1
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGFRL1/iso:3
obo:PR_000026591
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 isoform 3 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FGFRL1/iso:3/SigPep-
obo:PR_000047416
  D "A fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q8N441, 25-504."
  A PRO_0000021250
  A UniProtKB:Q8N441, 25-504
  A hFGFRL1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q802A9
  D "A fibroblast growth factor-binding protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FGFBP2
  A FGFBP-2 (chicken)
  A FGF-BP2 (chicken)
  A FGF-binding protein 2 (chicken)
obo:PR_Q8TAT2
  D "A fibroblast growth factor-binding protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FGF-binding protein 3 (human)
  A FGFBP-3 (human)
  A FGF-BP3 (human)
  A hFGFBP3
obo:PR_Q1HCM0
  D "A fibroblast growth factor-binding protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGFBP3
  A FGF-BP3 (mouse)
  A FGF-binding protein 3 (mouse)
  A FGFBP-3 (mouse)
obo:PR_000047411
  D "A fibroblast growth factor-binding protein 3 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q8TAT2, 27-258."
  A hFGFBP3/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000244264
  A UniProtKB:Q8TAT2, 27-258
obo:PR_Q14314
  D "A fibroleukin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fibrinogen-like protein 2 (human)
  A pT49 (human)
  A hFGL2
obo:PR_Q06828
  D "A fibromodulin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A collagen-binding 59 kDa protein (human)
  A keratan sulfate proteoglycan fibromodulin (human)
  A KSPG fibromodulin (human)
  A hFMOD
obo:PR_P50608
  D "A fibromodulin that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A KSPG fibromodulin (mouse)
  A keratan sulfate proteoglycan fibromodulin (mouse)
  A FM (mouse)
  A collagen-binding 59 kDa protein (mouse)
  A mFMOD
obo:PR_P50609
  D "A fibromodulin that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A KSPG fibromodulin (rat)
  A rFMOD
  A collagen-binding 59 kDa protein (rat)
  A keratan sulfate proteoglycan fibromodulin (rat)
  A FM (rat)
obo:PR_000040312
  D "A fibromodulin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q06828-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FMOD/iso:1
obo:PR_Q06828-1
  D "A fibromodulin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFMOD/iso:1
obo:PR_000047439
  D "A fibromodulin (human) that has had the signal peptide removed and that includes at least one N-acetylaminoglucosyl-asparagine. UniProtKB:Q06828, 19-376, MOD:00831."
  A hFMOD/SigPep-/GlcNAcAsn+
  A UniProtKB:Q06828, 19-376, MOD:00831
  A PRO_0000032739, MOD:00831
obo:PR_P50608-1
  D "A fibromodulin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFMOD/iso:1
obo:PR_P02751
  D "A fibronectin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A cold-insoluble globulin (human)
  A hFN1
  A CIG (human)
obo:PR_P11276
  D "A fibronectin that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FN (mouse)
  A mFN1
obo:PR_P04937
  D "A fibronectin that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFN1
  A FN (rat)
obo:PR_000038837
  D "A fibronectin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P11276-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FN1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019918
  D "A fibronectin that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FN1/SigPep-
obo:PR_P02751-1
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-1."
  A hFN1/iso:h1
obo:PR_P02751-10
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-10."
  A hFN1/iso:h10
obo:PR_P02751-11
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-11."
  A fibronectin isoform Fibronectin containing extra type III repeat (EDII) (human)
  A fibronectin isoform exon x+2 (human)
  A hFN1/iso:h11
obo:PR_P02751-12
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-12."
  A hFN1/iso:h12
obo:PR_P02751-13
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-13."
  A hFN1/iso:h13
obo:PR_P02751-14
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-14."
  A hFN1/iso:h14
obo:PR_P02751-15
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-15."
  A hFN1/iso:h15
obo:PR_P02751-16
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-16."
  A hFN1/iso:h16
  A fibronectin isoform MSF (human)
  A fibronectin isoform Migration stimulation factor (human)
obo:PR_P02751-17
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-17."
  A hFN1/iso:h17
obo:PR_P02751-2
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-2."
  A fibronectin isoform MSF-FN70 (human)
  A hFN1/iso:h2
  A fibronectin isoform Migration stimulation factor FN70 (human)
obo:PR_P02751-3
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-3."
  A hFN1/iso:h3
  A fibronectin isoform V89 (human)
obo:PR_P02751-4
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-4."
  A fibronectin isoform Fibronectin III-15X (human)
  A hFN1/iso:h4
obo:PR_P02751-5
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-5."
  A fibronectin isoform Fibronectin (V+I-10)- (human)
  A hFN1/iso:h5
obo:PR_P02751-6
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-6."
  A hFN1/iso:h6
  A fibronectin isoform Fibronectin (V+III-15)- (human)
obo:PR_P02751-7
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-7."
  A hFN1/iso:h7
  A fibronectin isoform Fibronectin containing extra ED-B domain (human)
obo:PR_P02751-8
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-8."
  A hFN1/iso:h8
  A fibronectin isoform Fibronectin not containing EIIIA domain (human)
obo:PR_P02751-9
  D "A fibronectin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P02751-9."
  A fibronectin isoform Fibronectin not containing EIIIA and EIIIB and uses V64 variant of IIICS region (human)
  A hFN1/iso:h9
obo:PR_000047440
  D "A fibronectin (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P02751, 32-2386."
  A UniProtKB:P02751, 32-2386
  A PRO_0000019235
  A hFN1/SigPep-
obo:PR_P11276-1
  D "A fibronectin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFN1/iso:1
obo:PR_P04937-1
  D "A fibronectin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFN1/iso:1
obo:PR_P04937-2
  D "A fibronectin (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P04937-2."
  A rFN1/iso:r2
  A fibronectin isoform FNIII-13-less (rat)
obo:PR_P04937-3
  D "A fibronectin (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P04937-3."
  A rFN1/iso:r3
  A fibronectin isoform Lambda-RLF4-5 (rat)
obo:PR_P04937-4
  D "A fibronectin (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P04937-4."
  A rFN1/iso:r4
  A fibronectin isoform Lambda-RLF6 (rat)
obo:PR_Q9DAM9
  D "A fibronectin type 3 and ankyrin repeat domains protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFANK1
  A GSG1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8TC84
  D "A fibronectin type 3 and ankyrin repeat domains protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFANK1
obo:PR_000043118
  D "A fibronectin type 3 and ankyrin repeat domains protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9DAM9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FANK1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9DAM9-1
  D "A fibronectin type 3 and ankyrin repeat domains protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFANK1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8TC84-1
  D "A fibronectin type 3 and ankyrin repeat domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8TC84-1."
  A hFANK1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8TC84-2
  D "A fibronectin type 3 and ankyrin repeat domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8TC84-2."
  A hFANK1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8TC84-3
  D "A fibronectin type 3 and ankyrin repeat domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8TC84-3."
  A hFANK1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q7TPM6
  D "A fibronectin type III and SPRY domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFSD1
obo:PR_Q1LY10
  D "A fibronectin type III and SPRY domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FSD1
obo:PR_000042886
  D "A fibronectin type III and SPRY domain-containing protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BTV5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FSD1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q7TPM6-2
  D "A fibronectin type III and SPRY domain-containing protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7TPM6-2."
  A mFSD1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9BTV5-1
  D "A fibronectin type III and SPRY domain-containing protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFSD1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q7TPM6-1
  D "A fibronectin type III and SPRY domain-containing protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFSD1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BZ52
  D "A fibronectin type III and SPRY domain-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A SPRY domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
  A mFSD2
  A minispryn (mouse)
obo:PR_Q53EP0
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 3B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A HCV NS5A-binding protein 37 (human)
  A hFNDC3B
  A factor for adipocyte differentiation 104 (human)
obo:PR_Q53EP0-1
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 3B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q53EP0-1."
  A hFNDC3B/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q53EP0-2
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 3B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q53EP0-2."
  A hFNDC3B/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q53EP0-3
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 3B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q53EP0-3."
  A hFNDC3B/iso:h3
obo:PR_A2AED3
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 7 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFNDC7
obo:PR_A2AED3-1
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 7 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AED3-1."
  A mFNDC7/iso:m1
obo:PR_A2AED3-3
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 7 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AED3-3."
  A mFNDC7/iso:m2
obo:PR_A2AED3-4
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 7 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AED3-4."
  A mFNDC7/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8BJN4
  D "A fibronectin type III domain-containing protein 9 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFNDC9
obo:PR_000044128
  D "A fibronectin type-III domain-containing protein 3A that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y2H6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FNDC3A/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9Y2H6-1
  D "A fibronectin type-III domain-containing protein 3A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFNDC3A/iso:1
  A fibronectin type-III domain-containing protein 3A isoform HUGO1 (human)
obo:PR_Q8BX90-1
  D "A fibronectin type-III domain-containing protein 3A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFNDC3A/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8NUU7
  D "A fibronectin-binding protein A that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus MW2."
  A fnbA (STAAW)
obo:PR_Q2FE03
  D "A fibronectin-binding protein A that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus USA300."
  A fnbA (STAA3)
obo:PR_Q8R089
  D "A fibrosin-1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBRS
obo:PR_Q5H9T9
  D "A fibrous sheath CABYR-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFSCB
obo:PR_Q4V7A4
  D "A fibrous sheath CABYR-binding protein that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFSCB
obo:PR_O73775
  D "A fibulin-1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A FIBL-1 (chicken)
  A chick-FBLN1
obo:PR_P23142
  D "A fibulin-1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBLN1
  A FIBL-1 (human)
obo:PR_Q08879
  D "A fibulin-1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A BM-90 (mouse)
  A mFBLN1
  A FIBL-1 (mouse)
  A basement-membrane protein 90 (mouse)
obo:PR_000019850
  D "A fibulin-1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FBLN1/SigPep-
obo:PR_O73775-1
  D "A fibulin-1 (chicken) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O73775-1."
  A chick-FBLN1/iso:C
obo:PR_O73775-2
  D "A fibulin-1 (chicken) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O73775-2."
  A chick-FBLN1/iso:D
obo:PR_P23142-2
  D "A fibulin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P23142-2."
  A hFBLN1/iso:A
obo:PR_P23142-3
  D "A fibulin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P23142-3."
  A hFBLN1/iso:B
obo:PR_P23142-4
  D "A fibulin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P23142-4."
  A hFBLN1/iso:C
obo:PR_P23142-1
  D "A fibulin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P23142-1."
  A hFBLN1/iso:D
obo:PR_000047372
  D "A fibulin-1 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P23142, 30-703."
  A hFBLN1/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000007563
  A UniProtKB:P23142, 30-703
obo:PR_Q08879-3
  D "A fibulin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08879-3."
  A mFBLN1/iso:A
obo:PR_Q08879-4
  D "A fibulin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08879-4."
  A mFBLN1/iso:B
obo:PR_Q08879-2
  D "A fibulin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08879-2."
  A mFBLN1/iso:C
obo:PR_Q08879-1
  D "A fibulin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08879-1."
  A mFBLN1/iso:D
obo:PR_P37889
  D "A fibulin-2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FIBL-2 (mouse)
  A mFBLN2
obo:PR_000019852
  D "A fibulin-2 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FBLN2/SigPep-
obo:PR_P37889-1
  D "A fibulin-2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P37889-1."
  A mFBLN2/iso:m1
obo:PR_P37889-2
  D "A fibulin-2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P37889-2."
  A fibulin-2 isoform EGF3-less (mouse)
  A mFBLN2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9UBX5
  D "A fibulin-5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A UP50 (human)
  A developmental arteries and neural crest EGF-like protein (human)
  A urine p50 protein (human)
  A hFBLN5
  A FIBL-5 (human)
obo:PR_Q9WVH8
  D "A fibulin-5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FIBL-5 (rat)
  A EVEC (rat)
  A developmental arteries and neural crest EGF-like protein (rat)
  A rFBLN5
  A dance (rat)
  A embryonic vascular EGF repeat-containing protein (rat)
obo:PR_000043849
  D "A fibulin-5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UBX5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBLN5/iso:1
obo:PR_000047374
  D "A fibulin-5 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9UBX5, 24-448."
  A PRO_0000007577
  A UniProtKB:Q9UBX5, 24-448
  A hFBLN5/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q9WVH8-1
  D "A fibulin-5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBLN5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9UBX5-1
  D "A fibulin-5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBLN5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9WVH9-1
  D "A fibulin-5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBLN5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q501P1
  D "A fibulin-7 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A protein TM14 (mouse)
  A mFBLN7
  A FIBL-7 (mouse)
obo:PR_O00602
  D "A ficolin-1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFCN1
  A collagen/fibrinogen domain-containing protein 1 (human)
  A ficolin-A (human)
  A ficolin-alpha (human)
  A M-ficolin (human)
obo:PR_000037127
  D "A ficolin-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O70165-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FCN1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019860
  D "A ficolin-1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FCN1/SigPep-
obo:PR_000047390
  D "A ficolin-1 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:O00602, 30-326."
  A hFCN1/SigPep-
  A UniProtKB:O00602, 30-326
  A PRO_0000009136
obo:PR_O70165-1
  D "A ficolin-1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFCN1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q15485
  D "A ficolin-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A collagen/fibrinogen domain-containing protein 2 (human)
  A ficolin-beta (human)
  A L-ficolin (human)
  A 37 kDa elastin-binding protein (human)
  A serum lectin p35 (human)
  A EBP-37 (human)
  A hucolin (human)
  A ficolin-B (human)
  A hFCN2
obo:PR_Q15485-1
  D "A ficolin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q15485-1."
  A hFCN2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q15485-2
  D "A ficolin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q15485-2."
  A hFCN2/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047391
  D "A ficolin-2 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q15485, 26-313."
  A PRO_0000009139
  A hFCN2/SigPep-
  A UniProtKB:Q15485, 26-313
obo:PR_O75636
  D "A ficolin-3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hakata antigen (human)
  A collagen/fibrinogen domain-containing lectin 3 p35 (human)
  A collagen/fibrinogen domain-containing protein 3 (human)
  A hFCN3
obo:PR_000019862
  D "A ficolin-3 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FCN3/SigPep-
obo:PR_O75636-1
  D "A ficolin-3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75636-1."
  A hFCN3/iso:h1
obo:PR_O75636-2
  D "A ficolin-3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75636-2."
  A hFCN3/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047392
  D "A ficolin-3 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:O75636, 24-299."
  A UniProtKB:O75636, 24-299
  A hFCN3/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000009142
obo:PR_Q5HY92
  D "A fidgetin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFIGN
obo:PR_Q503S1
  D "A fidgetin that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FIGN
obo:PR_000040926
  D "A fidgetin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5HY92-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FIGN/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5HY92-1
  D "A fidgetin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFIGN/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9ERZ6-1
  D "A fidgetin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFIGN/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6PIW4
  D "A fidgetin-like protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFIGNL1
obo:PR_Q8BPY9
  D "A fidgetin-like protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFIGNL1
obo:PR_O16299
  D "A fidgetin-like protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A fidgetin homolog (worm)
  A FIGNL1 (worm)
obo:PR_Q6PIW4-1
  D "A fidgetin-like protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PIW4-1."
  A hFIGNL1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q6PIW4-2
  D "A fidgetin-like protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PIW4-2."
  A hFIGNL1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5D862
  D "A filaggrin-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A ifapsoriasin (human)
  A FLG-2 (human)
  A hFLG2
  A intermediate filament-associated and psoriasis-susceptibility protein (human)
obo:PR_000040871
  D "A filamin A-interacting protein 1-like that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q4L180-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FILIP1L/iso:3
obo:PR_Q4L180-3
  D "A filamin A-interacting protein 1-like isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFILIP1L/iso:3
obo:PR_Q8BTM8
  D "A filamin-A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A filamin-1 (mouse)
  A alpha-filamin (mouse)
  A mFLNA
  A actin-binding protein 280 (mouse)
  A FLN-A (mouse)
  A endothelial actin-binding protein (mouse)
  A ABP-280 (mouse)
  A non-muscle filamin (mouse)
obo:PR_000019909
  D "A filamin-A that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FLNA/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q8BTM8-1
  D "A filamin-A (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BTM8-1."
  A mFLNA/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8BTM8-2
  D "A filamin-A (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BTM8-2."
  A mFLNA/iso:m2
obo:PR_000047425
  D "A filamin-A (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P21333, 2-2647."
  A PRO_0000087296
  A UniProtKB:P21333, 2-2647
  A hFLNA/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q8K4T4
  D "A filamin-A-interacting protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FILIP (rat)
  A rFILIP1
obo:PR_Q8K4T4-1
  D "A filamin-A-interacting protein 1 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K4T4-1."
  A filamin-A-interacting protein 1 isoform L-FILIP (rat)
  A rFILIP1/iso:r1
obo:PR_Q8K4T4-2
  D "A filamin-A-interacting protein 1 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K4T4-2."
  A rFILIP1/iso:r2
  A filamin-A-interacting protein 1 isoform S-FILIP (rat)
obo:PR_000038348
  D "A filamin-B that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75369-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FLNB/iso:1
obo:PR_Q71FD7
  D "A filamin-binding LIM protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FBLP-1 (mouse)
  A mFBLIM1
  A CSX-associated LIM (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9VEN1
  D "A filamin-C that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A FLN-A (fruit fly)
  A ABP-280 (fruit fly)
  A fly-FLNC
  A actin-binding protein 280 (fruit fly)
  A filamin-1 (fruit fly)
  A Filamin1 (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q8VHX6
  D "A filamin-C that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A filamin-2 (mouse)
  A mFLNC
  A FLN-C (mouse)
  A ABP-L (mouse)
  A gamma-filamin (mouse)
obo:PR_D3ZHA0
  D "A filamin-C that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FLN-C (rat)
  A ABP-L (rat)
  A rFLNC
  A filamin-2 (rat)
  A gamma-filamin (rat)
  A ABP-280-like protein (rat)
  A actin-binding-like protein (rat)
obo:PR_Q9VEN1-1
  D "A filamin-A (fruit fly) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9VEN1-1."
  A filamin-A isoform Filamin A (fruit fly)
  A fly-FLNC/iso:1
  A filamin-A isoform filamin 240 (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q9VEN1-2
  D "A filamin-A (fruit fly) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9VEN1-2."
  A fly-FLNC/iso:2
  A filamin-A isoform Filamin B (fruit fly)
  A filamin-A isoform filamin 90 (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q8VHX6-1
  D "A filamin-C (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VHX6-1."
  A mFLNC/iso:m1
  A filamin-C isoform H1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8VHX6-2
  D "A filamin-C (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VHX6-2."
  A filamin-C isoform Delta-H1 (mouse)
  A mFLNC/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q06637
  D "A filensin that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A CP95 (chicken)
  A lens fiber cell beaded-filament structural protein CP 95 (chicken)
  A chick-BFSP1
  A beaded filament structural protein 1 (chicken)
obo:PR_P77694
  D "A fimbria adhesin EcpD that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-yagW
obo:PR_P0AEL8
  D "A fimbriae Z protein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fimZ
obo:PR_P77263
  D "A fimbrial chaperone EcpE that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-yagV
obo:PR_P33128
  D "A fimbrial chaperone YadV that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-ecpD
  A chaperone protein EcpD (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P33342
  D "A fimbrial chaperone YehC that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-yehC
obo:PR_P77599
  D "A fimbrial chaperone YfcS that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-yfcS
obo:PR_P42914
  D "A fimbrial chaperone YraI that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-yraI
obo:PR_P75855
  D "A fimbrial subunit ElfA that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-elfA
obo:PR_A1IGX5
  D "A fin bud initiation factor that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FIBIN
obo:PR_Q5U2T4
  D "A fin bud initiation factor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFIBIN
obo:PR_000043028
  D "A fin bud initiation factor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9CQS3-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FIBIN/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5U2T4-1
  D "A fin bud initiation factor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFIBIN/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9CQS3-1
  D "A fin bud initiation factor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFIBIN/iso:1
obo:PR_000044013
  D "A fizzy-related protein that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UM11-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FZR1/iso:2
obo:PR_O94423
  D "A fizzy-related protein that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-FZR1
obo:PR_H9L1Y1
  D "A fizzy-related protein that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FZR1
obo:PR_Q09373
  D "A fizzy-related protein that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A CDC20 protein family homolog 1 (worm)
  A FZR1 (worm)
  A fizzy protein 1 (worm)
obo:PR_Q9UM11-2
  D "A fizzy-related protein isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fizzy-related protein homolog isoform Fzr1 (human)
  A fizzy-related protein homolog isoform CDH1alpha (human)
  A hFZR1/iso:2
obo:PR_Q5T1M5
  D "An FK506-binding protein 15 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A WAFL (human)
  A FKBP-15 (human)
  A hFKBP15
  A 133 kDa FK506-binding protein (human)
  A FKBP-133 (human)
  A 133 kDa FKBP (human)
  A WASP- and FKBP-like protein (human)
obo:PR_Q6P9Q6
  D "An FK506-binding protein 15 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FKBP-15 (mouse)
  A 133 kDa FK506-binding protein (mouse)
  A mFKBP15
  A WASP and FKBP-like (mouse)
  A FKBP-133 (mouse)
  A WAFL (mouse)
  A 133 kDa FKBP (mouse)
obo:PR_Q5T1M5-1
  D "An FK506-binding protein 15 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T1M5-1."
  A hFKBP15/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5T1M5-2
  D "An FK506-binding protein 15 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T1M5-2."
  A hFKBP15/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5T1M5-3
  D "An FK506-binding protein 15 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T1M5-3."
  A hFKBP15/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q6P9Q6-1
  D "An FK506-binding protein 15 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6P9Q6-1."
  A mFKBP15/iso:A
obo:PR_Q6P9Q6-2
  D "An FK506-binding protein 15 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6P9Q6-2."
  A mFKBP15/iso:B
obo:PR_Q9UIM3
  D "An FK506-binding protein-like that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A WISp39 (human)
  A hFKBPL
  A WAF-1/CIP1 stabilizing protein 39 (human)
obo:PR_O35450
  D "An FK506-binding protein-like that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A WISp39 (mouse)
  A mFKBPL
  A WAF-1/CIP1 stabilizing protein 39 (mouse)
obo:PR_000038095
  D "An FK506-binding protein-like that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O35450-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FKBPL/iso:1
obo:PR_O35450-1
  D "An FK506-binding protein-like isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFKBPL/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6MG81-1
  D "An FK506-binding protein-like isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFKBPL/iso:1
obo:PR_P0AEM0
  D "An FKBP-type 16 kDa peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fkpB
obo:PR_000024426
  D "An FKBP-type 16 kDa peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fkpB/InitMet-
obo:PR_000024423
  D "An FKBP-type 22 kDa peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fklB/InitMet-
obo:PR_P45523
  D "An FKBP-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase FkpA that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fkpA
obo:PR_000024425
  D "An FKBP-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase FkpA that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A fkpA/SigPep-
obo:PR_P0ABW9
  D "A flagellar basal body rod protein FlgB that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-flgB
obo:PR_P0ABX2
  D "A flagellar basal-body rod protein FlgC that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-flgC
obo:PR_Q8YDK9
  D "A flagellar biosynthesis protein FlhA that is encoded in the genome of Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M."
  A flhA (BRUME)
obo:PR_P76299
  D "A flagellar biosynthetic protein FlhB that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-flhB
obo:PR_P0AC05
  D "A flagellar biosynthetic protein FliP that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliP
obo:PR_P33135
  D "A flagellar biosynthetic protein FliR that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliR
obo:PR_P52613
  D "A flagellar FliJ protein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliJ
obo:PR_Q2YJF9
  D "A flagellar hook protein FlgE that is encoded in the genome of Brucella abortus 2308."
  A flgE (BRUA2)
  A flagellar basal body rod protein:Trypsin inhibitor Kunitz (Brucella abortus 2308)
obo:PR_O52070
  D "A flagellar hook protein FlgE that is encoded in the genome of Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. 9-941."
  A flgE (BRUAB)
obo:PR_Q8YDL6
  D "A flagellar hook protein FlgE that is encoded in the genome of Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M."
  A flgE (BRUME)
obo:PR_P33235
  D "A flagellar hook-associated protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A HAP1 (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-flgK
obo:PR_P0A8T5
  D "A flagellar hook-basal body complex protein FliE that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliE
obo:PR_P52614
  D "A flagellar hook-length control protein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliK
obo:PR_Q9PPM0
  D "A flagellar L-ring protein that is encoded in the genome of Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni NCTC 11168."
  A flgH (CAMJE)
  A basal body L-ring protein (Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni NCTC 11168)
obo:PR_P0A6S0
  D "A flagellar L-ring protein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A basal body L-ring protein (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-flgH
obo:PR_Q8YDM4
  D "A flagellar M-ring protein FliF that is encoded in the genome of Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M."
  A fliF (BRUME)
obo:PR_P25798
  D "A flagellar M-ring protein FliF that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliF
obo:PR_P06974
  D "A flagellar motor switch protein FliM that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliM
obo:PR_P0ABX8
  D "A flagellar protein FliL that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliL
obo:PR_P22586
  D "A flagellar protein FliO that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliO
obo:PR_P0ABY2
  D "A flagellar protein FliT that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliT
obo:PR_P15286
  D "A flagellar regulator flk that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A fluke (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-flk
obo:PR_P26608
  D "A flagellar secretion chaperone FliS that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A flagellar protein FliS (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fliS
obo:PR_P0A8S9
  D "A flagellar transcriptional regulator FlhD that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-flhD
obo:PR_Q2YJF8
  D "A flagellar transcriptional regulator ftcR that is encoded in the genome of Brucella abortus 2308."
  A ftcR (BRUA2)
obo:PR_Q8YDL7
  D "A flagellar transcriptional regulator ftcR that is encoded in the genome of Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M."
  A ftcR (BRUME)
obo:PR_C0RMS1
  D "A flagellar transcriptional regulator ftcR that is encoded in the genome of Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457."
  A ftcR (BRUMB)
obo:PR_000024428
  D "A flagellin FliC that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fliC/InitMet-
obo:PR_P52612
  D "A flagellum-specific ATP synthase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fliI
obo:PR_P16140
  D "A flagellum-specific ATP synthase that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A V-ATPase subunit B (yeast)
  A vacuolar proton pump subunit B (yeast)
  A yfliI
  A V-ATPase 57 kDa subunit (yeast)
obo:PR_P39749
  D "A flap endonuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFEN1
  A flap structure-specific endonuclease 1 (mouse)
  A FEN-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q5XIP6
  D "A flap endonuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FEN-1 (rat)
  A rFEN1
  A flap structure-specific endonuclease 1 (rat)
obo:PR_Q6TNU4
  D "A flap endonuclease 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FEN1
  A FEN-1 (zebrafish)
  A flap structure-specific endonuclease 1 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000039392
  D "A flap endonuclease 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P39748-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FEN1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6TNU4-1
  D "A flap endonuclease 1 (zebrafish) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6TNU4-1."
  A z-FEN1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6TNU4-2
  D "A flap endonuclease 1 (zebrafish) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6TNU4-2."
  A z-FEN1/iso:2
obo:PR_Q5XIP6-1
  D "A flap endonuclease 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFEN1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BMI4
  D "A flap endonuclease GEN homolog 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGEN1
obo:PR_Q8BMI4-1
  D "A flap endonuclease GEN homolog 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BMI4-1."
  A mGEN1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8BMI4-2
  D "A flap endonuclease GEN homolog 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BMI4-2."
  A mGEN1/iso:m2
obo:PR_P38506
  D "A flap endonuclease Xni that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-ygdG
  A FEN (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A exonuclease IX (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A ExoIX (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A protein Xni (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P0AG03
  D "A flavin prenyltransferase UbiX that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A 3-octaprenyl-4-hydroxybenzoate carboxy-lyase UbiX (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-ubiX
obo:PR_P30043
  D "A flavin reductase that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A green heme-binding protein (human)
  A GHBP (human)
  A biliverdin-IX beta-reductase (human)
  A NADPH-flavin reductase (human)
  A NADPH-dependent diaphorase (human)
  A BVR-B (human)
  A hBLVRB
  A FR (human)
  A biliverdin reductase B (human)
obo:PR_Q923D2
  D "A flavin reductase that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mBLVRB
  A BVR-B (mouse)
  A biliverdin-IX beta-reductase (mouse)
  A FLR (mouse)
  A NADPH-flavin reductase (mouse)
  A NADPH-dependent diaphorase (mouse)
  A biliverdin reductase B (mouse)
  A FR (mouse)
obo:PR_000039232
  D "A flavin reductase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30043-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BLVRB/iso:1
obo:PR_000019134
  D "A flavin reductase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A BLVRB/InitMet-
obo:PR_000046487
  D "A flavin reductase (NADPH) (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P30043, 2-206."
  A PRO_0000064948
  A UniProtKB:P30043, 2-206
  A hBLVRB/InitMet-
obo:PR_P30043-1
  D "A flavin reductase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hBLVRB/iso:1
obo:PR_Q923D2-1
  D "A flavin reductase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mBLVRB/iso:1
obo:PR_O25776
  D "A flavodoxin 1 that is encoded in the genome of Helicobacter pylori 26695."
  A fldA (HELPY)
obo:PR_000024427
  D "A flavodoxin 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fldA/InitMet-
obo:PR_P0ABY4
  D "A flavodoxin 2 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fldB
obo:PR_P28861
  D "A flavodoxin/ferredoxin--NADP reductase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A FLDR (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A FNR (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fpr
  A dA1 (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A flavodoxin--NADP reductase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A methyl viologen resistance protein A (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A ferredoxin (flavodoxin):NADP(+) oxidoreductase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A ferredoxin--NADP reductase (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_000024438
  D "A flavodoxin/ferredoxin--NADP reductase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fpr/InitMet-
obo:PR_P24232
  D "A flavohemoprotein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A NOD (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A NO oxygenase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A hemoglobin-like protein (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A nitric oxide dioxygenase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A flavohemoglobin (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A HMP (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-hmp
obo:PR_Q9URY5
  D "A flavohemoprotein that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A NO oxygenase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A NOD (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A flavohemoglobin (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A hemoglobin-like protein (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
  A Spom972h-hmp
  A nitric oxide dioxygenase (Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-)
obo:PR_P39676
  D "A flavohemoprotein that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A flavohemoglobin (yeast)
  A yhmp
  A NOD (yeast)
  A hemoglobin-like protein (yeast)
  A nitric oxide dioxygenase (yeast)
  A NO oxygenase (yeast)
obo:PR_000025165
  D "A flavoprotein wrbA that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P0A8G6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A wrbA/iso:1
obo:PR_000024826
  D "A flavoprotein wrbA that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A wrbA/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9LSQ5
  D "A flavoprotein wrbA that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A flavodoxin-like quinone reductase 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-wrbA
obo:PR_P30821
  D "A flavoprotein wrbA that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-wrbA
obo:PR_000025169
  D "A flavoprotein wrbA isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A wrbA/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_000025171
  D "A flavoprotein wrbA isoform 1, initiator methionine removed form that has been acetylated at the position equivalent to Lys-50 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P0A8G6-1. Example: UniProtKB:P0A8G6-1, 2-198, Lys-50, MOD:00064."
  A wrbA/iso:1/InitMet-/Ac:1
obo:PR_Q9LSQ5-1
  D "An NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone) FQR1 (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9LSQ5-1."
  A At-wrbA/iso:1
obo:PR_000007558
  D "A flotillin that is a translation product of the human FLOT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FLOT1
obo:PR_000007559
  D "A flotillin that is a translation product of the human FLOT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A membrane component chromosome 17 surface marker 1 homolog
  A ESA
  A membrane component chromosome 17 surface marker 1
  A epidermal surface antigen
  A FLOT2
obo:PR_O75955
  D "A flotillin-1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFLOT1
obo:PR_000037960
  D "A flotillin-1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O08917-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FLOT1/iso:1
obo:PR_O75955-1
  D "A flotillin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75955-1."
  A hFLOT1/iso:h1
obo:PR_O75955-2
  D "A flotillin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75955-2."
  A hFLOT1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q14254
  D "A flotillin-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFLOT2
  A ESA (human)
  A epidermal surface antigen (human)
  A membrane component chromosome 17 surface marker 1 (human)
obo:PR_000040521
  D "A flotillin-2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14254-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FLOT2/iso:1
obo:PR_000047427
  D "A flotillin-2 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q14254, 2-428."
  A UniProtKB:Q14254, 2-428
  A PRO_0000094049
  A hFLOT2/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q14254-1
  D "A flotillin-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFLOT2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q60634-1
  D "A flotillin-2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFLOT2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q96SL8
  D "An Flt3-interacting zinc finger protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A zinc finger protein 798 (human)
  A hFIZ1
obo:PR_Q4VC44
  D "A FLYWCH-type zinc finger-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFLYWCH1
obo:PR_Q4VC44-1
  D "A FLYWCH-type zinc finger-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q4VC44-1."
  A hFLYWCH1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q4VC44-2
  D "A FLYWCH-type zinc finger-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q4VC44-2."
  A hFLYWCH1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q4VC44-3
  D "A FLYWCH-type zinc finger-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q4VC44-3."
  A hFLYWCH1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q4VC44-4
  D "A FLYWCH-type zinc finger-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q4VC44-4."
  A hFLYWCH1/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q4VC44-5
  D "A FLYWCH-type zinc finger-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q4VC44-5."
  A hFLYWCH1/iso:h5
obo:PR_P75893
  D "An FMN reductase (NADH) RutF that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A NADH-flavin reductase RutF (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-rutF
  A NADH:flavin oxidoreductase (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P41407
  D "An FMN-dependent NADH-azoreductase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Azo-dye reductase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A FMN-dependent NADH-azo compound oxidoreductase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-azoR
obo:PR_Q2G1F2
  D "An FMN-dependent NADH-azoreductase that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325."
  A Azo-dye reductase (Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325)
  A FMN-dependent NADH-azo compound oxidoreductase (Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325)
  A azoR (STAA8)
obo:PR_000024308
  D "An FMN-dependent NADH-azoreductase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A azoR/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q8W4G3
  D "An FMN/FAD exporter YeeO that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A protein EDS5 HOMOLOGUE (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-yeeO
  A MATE protein 46 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A AtDTX46
  A multidrug and toxic compound extrusion protein 46 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q8W4G3-1
  D "A protein DETOXIFICATION 46, chloroplastic (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8W4G3-1."
  A At-yeeO/iso:1
obo:PR_000044083
  D "An FMRFamide-related neuropeptide FF that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9WVA8-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NPFF/iso:1
obo:PR_000020770
  D "An FMRFamide-related neuropeptide FF that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A NPFF/ClvPrd
obo:PR_000020785
  D "An FMRFamide-related neuropeptide VF that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A NPVF/ClvPrd
obo:PR_Q9HCQ7
  D "An FMRFamide-related neuropeptide VF that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hNPVF
obo:PR_Q9HCQ7-1
  D "A pro-FMRFamide-related neuropeptide VF (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9HCQ7-1."
  A hNPVF/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9HCQ7-2
  D "A pro-FMRFamide-related neuropeptide VF (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9HCQ7-2."
  A hNPVF/iso:h2
obo:PR_P49772
  D "An fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 ligand that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFLT3LG
  A Flt3 ligand (mouse)
  A SL cytokine (mouse)
obo:PR_P49772-1
  D "An fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 ligand (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49772-1."
  A mFLT3LG/iso:1
  A FLT3LG isoform 6C (mouse)
obo:PR_P49772-2
  D "An fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 ligand (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49772-2."
  A mFLT3LG/iso:2
  A FLT3LG isoform 5H (mouse)
obo:PR_P49772-3
  D "An fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 ligand (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49772-3."
  A FLT3LG isoform E6 (mouse)
  A mFLT3LG/iso:3
obo:PR_P49772-4
  D "An fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 ligand (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49772-4."
  A FLT3LG isoform E6Delta16 (mouse)
  A mFLT3LG/iso:4
obo:PR_Q5VW36
  D "A focadhesin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOCAD
obo:PR_A2AKG8
  D "A focadhesin that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOCAD
obo:PR_A2AKG8-1
  D "A focadhesin (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AKG8-1."
  A mFOCAD/iso:m1
obo:PR_A2AKG8-2
  D "A focadhesin (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AKG8-2."
  A mFOCAD/iso:m2
obo:PR_A2AKG8-3
  D "A focadhesin (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2AKG8-3."
  A mFOCAD/iso:m3
obo:PR_000003031
  D "A focal adhesion kinase that is a translation product of the human PTK2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein-tyrosine kinase 2
  A PTK2
  A pp125FAK
  A FADK 1
obo:PR_000003032
  D "A focal adhesion kinase that is a translation product of the human PTK2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A calcium-dependent tyrosine kinase
  A cell adhesion kinase beta
  A CAK-beta
  A RAFTK
  A proline-rich tyrosine kinase 2
  A PTK2B
  A related adhesion focal tyrosine kinase
  A FADK 2
  A CADTK
obo:PR_000026197
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05397-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PTK2/iso:1
obo:PR_000039313
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34152-4 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PTK2/iso:4
obo:PR_000018781
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A PTK2/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q05397-1
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hPTK2/iso:1
obo:PR_000026628
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A PTK2/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_000048949
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q05397, 2-1052."
  A PRO_0000088077
  A hPTK2/InitMet-
  A UniProtKB:Q05397, 2-1052
obo:PR_000026200
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1, initiator methionine removed form that has been phosphorylated on a Tyr residue by autocatalysis and further phosphorylated by SRC within the kinase doman activation loop and within the FADK1 C-terminal domain. Example: UniProtKB:Q05397-1, 2-1052, Tyr-407/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925/Tyr-971, MOD:00048."
  A PTK2/InitMet-/Phos:2
obo:PR_000026218
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1, initiator methionine removed phosphorylated 2 in human. Example: UniProtKB:Q05397-1, 2-1052, Tyr-397/Tyr-407/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048."
  A hPTK2/InitMet-/Phos:2
obo:PR_000048950
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed and has been post-translationally modified to include phosphotyrosine at positions 397, 407, 576, 577, 861 and 925, and phosphoserine at position 732 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05397. UniProtKB:Q05397, 2-1052, Tyr-397/Tyr-407/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048|Ser-732, MOD:00046."
  A hPTK2/InitMet-/Phos:3
  A UniProtKB:Q05397, 2-1052, Tyr-397/Tyr-407/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048|Ser-732, MOD:00046
  A PRO_0000088077, Tyr-397/Tyr-407/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048|Ser-732, MOD:00046
obo:PR_000048951
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed and has been post-translationally modified to include phosphotyrosine at positions 397, 576, 577, 861 and 925 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05397. UniProtKB:Q05397, 2-1052, Tyr-397/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048."
  A PRO_0000088077, Tyr-397/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048
  A hPTK2/InitMet-/Phos:4
  A UniProtKB:Q05397, 2-1052, Tyr-397/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048
obo:PR_000048952
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 1 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed and has been post-translationally modified to include phosphotyrosine at positions 397, 576, 577, 861 and 925, and phosphoserine at position 732 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05397. UniProtKB:Q05397, 2-1052, Tyr-397/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048|Ser-732, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:Q05397, 2-1052, Tyr-397/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048|Ser-732, MOD:00046
  A hPTK2/InitMet-/Phos:5
  A PRO_0000088077, Tyr-397/Tyr-576/Tyr-577/Tyr-861/Tyr-925, MOD:00048|Ser-732, MOD:00046
obo:PR_000003239
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14289-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PTK2B/iso:1
obo:PR_000040522
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14289-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PTK2B/iso:2
obo:PR_Q14289
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CAKB (human)
  A cell adhesion kinase beta (human)
  A proline-rich tyrosine kinase 2 (human)
  A FADK 2 (human)
  A calcium-dependent tyrosine kinase (human)
  A CADTK (human)
  A hPTK2B
  A focal adhesion kinase 2 (human)
  A calcium-regulated non-receptor proline-rich tyrosine kinase (human)
  A CAK-beta (human)
  A related adhesion focal tyrosine kinase (human)
obo:PR_Q9QVP9
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A related adhesion focal tyrosine kinase (mouse)
  A calcium-dependent tyrosine kinase (mouse)
  A CAK-beta (mouse)
  A RAFTK (mouse)
  A focal adhesion kinase 2 (mouse)
  A FADK 2 (mouse)
  A CAKB (mouse)
  A mPTK2B
  A calcium-regulated non-receptor proline-rich tyrosine kinase (mouse)
  A CADTK (mouse)
  A proline-rich tyrosine kinase 2 (mouse)
  A cell adhesion kinase beta (mouse)
obo:PR_Q14289-2
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 2 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hPTK2B/iso:2
  A protein-tyrosine kinase 2-beta isoform PYK2H (human)
obo:PR_Q14289-1
  D "A focal adhesion kinase 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hPTK2B/iso:1
obo:PR_P15328
  D "A folate receptor alpha that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A folate receptor, adult (human)
  A adult folate-binding protein (human)
  A KB cells FBP (human)
  A folate receptor 1 (human)
  A FR-alpha (human)
  A ovarian tumor-associated antigen MOv18 (human)
  A hFOLR1
obo:PR_000019921
  D "A folate receptor alpha that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FOLR1/ClvPrd
obo:PR_P14207
  D "A folate receptor beta that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A folate receptor 2 (human)
  A hFOLR2
  A FR-beta (human)
  A folate receptor, fetal/placental (human)
  A placental folate-binding protein (human)
obo:PR_Q05685
  D "A folate receptor beta that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A folate receptor 2 (mouse)
  A folate-binding protein 2 (mouse)
  A mFOLR2
  A FR-beta (mouse)
obo:PR_000019924
  D "A folate receptor beta that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FOLR2/ClvPrd
obo:PR_000019923
  D "A folate receptor beta that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FOLR2/SigPep-
obo:PR_P41439
  D "A folate receptor gamma that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A folate receptor 3 (human)
  A FR-gamma (human)
  A hFOLR3
obo:PR_P41439-3
  D "A folate receptor gamma (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41439-3."
  A hFOLR3/iso:h3
obo:PR_P41439-1
  D "A folate receptor gamma (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41439-1."
  A hFOLR3/iso:Long
obo:PR_P41439-2
  D "A folate receptor gamma (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41439-2."
  A hFOLR3/iso:Short
obo:PR_Q9VGV6
  D "A folate transporter 1 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A IP11787p (fruit fly)
  A fly-SLC19A1
obo:PR_P41438
  D "A folate transporter 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A IFC-1 (mouse)
  A intestinal folate carrier 1 (mouse)
  A solute carrier family 19 member 1 (mouse)
  A reduced folate carrier 1 (mouse)
  A RFC1 (mouse)
  A mSLC19A1
  A RFC-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_P41438-1
  D "A folate transporter 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41438-1."
  A mSLC19A1/iso:m1
obo:PR_P41438-2
  D "A folate transporter 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41438-2."
  A mSLC19A1/iso:m2
obo:PR_P41438-3
  D "A folate transporter 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41438-3."
  A mSLC19A1/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8NFU4
  D "A follicular dendritic cell secreted peptide that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFDCSP
  A FDC secreted protein (human)
  A FDC-SP (human)
obo:PR_Q8QZS3
  D "A folliculin that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFLCN
obo:PR_Q76JQ2
  D "A folliculin that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFLCN
  A Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome protein homolog (rat)
obo:PR_000041964
  D "A folliculin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NFG4-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FLCN/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8QZS3-1
  D "A folliculin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFLCN/iso:1
obo:PR_Q68FD7
  D "A folliculin-interacting protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFNIP1
obo:PR_Q90844
  D "A follistatin that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FST
  A activin-binding protein (chicken)
  A FS (chicken)
obo:PR_P47931
  D "A follistatin that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FS (mouse)
  A mFST
  A activin-binding protein (mouse)
obo:PR_P10669
  D "A follistatin that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A pig-FST
  A FS (pig)
  A activin-binding protein (pig)
obo:PR_P21674
  D "A follistatin that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FS (rat)
  A rFST
  A activin-binding protein (rat)
obo:PR_000000096
  D "A follistatin that is a translation product of a mature transcript of the FST gene including all protein coding exons, and is the precursor of the mature protein. Example: UniProtKB:P19883-1."
  A FST/iso:1
obo:PR_000000097
  D "A follistatin that is a translation product of a mature transcript of the FST gene, without the C-terminal acidic region. Example: UniProtKB:P19883-2."
  A FST/iso:2
obo:PR_000025457
  D "A follistatin that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A FST/ClvPrd
obo:PR_000018268
  D "A follistatin that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FST/SigPep-
obo:PR_P47931-1
  D "A follistatin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFST/iso:1
obo:PR_P10669-1
  D "A follistatin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A follistatin isoform FS-A (pig)
  A follistatin isoform FS315 (pig)
  A follistatin isoform FS-315 (pig)
  A pig-FST/iso:1
obo:PR_P10669-2
  D "A follistatin isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A follistatin isoform FS288 (pig)
  A pig-FST/iso:2
  A follistatin isoform FS-288 (pig)
  A follistatin isoform FS-C (pig)
obo:PR_000036413
  D "A follistatin isoform 1 cleaved and N-glycosylated 2 in pig. UniProtKB:P10669-1, 30-332, Asn-124/Asn-288, MOD:00160."
  A pig-FST/iso:1/ClvNGlyco:2
  A UniProtKB:P10669-1, 30-332, Asn-124/Asn-288, MOD:00160
  A PRO_0000419163, Asn-124/Asn-288, MOD:00160
obo:PR_000025461
  D "A follistatin isoform 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FST/iso:1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q8BNY0
  D "A follistatin isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFST/iso:2
obo:PR_000025462
  D "A follistatin isoform 2 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FST/iso:2/SigPep-
obo:PR_000047454
  D "A follistatin (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P19883, 30-344."
  A PRO_0000010103
  A hFST/SigPep-
  A UniProtKB:P19883, 30-344
obo:PR_Q62356
  D "A follistatin-related protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A follistatin-like protein 1 (mouse)
  A mFSTL1
  A TGF-beta-inducible protein TSC-36 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q62632
  D "A follistatin-related protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A follistatin-like protein 1 (rat)
  A rFSTL1
obo:PR_000041098
  D "A follistatin-related protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q62356-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FSTL1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019939
  D "A follistatin-related protein 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FSTL1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q62356-1
  D "A follistatin-related protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFSTL1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q62632-1
  D "A follistatin-related protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFSTL1/iso:1
obo:PR_000047455
  D "A follistatin-related protein 1 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q12841, 21-308."
  A UniProtKB:Q12841, 21-308
  A hFSTL1/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000010111
obo:PR_000043152
  D "A follistatin-related protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9EQC7-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FSTL3/iso:1
obo:PR_000019941
  D "A follistatin-related protein 3 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FSTL3/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q6MZW2
  D "A follistatin-related protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A follistatin-like protein 4 (human)
  A hFSTL4
obo:PR_Q6MZW2-1
  D "A follistatin-related protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6MZW2-1."
  A hFSTL4/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q6MZW2-2
  D "A follistatin-related protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6MZW2-2."
  A hFSTL4/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q6MZW2-3
  D "A follistatin-related protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6MZW2-3."
  A hFSTL4/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q8N475
  D "A follistatin-related protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFSTL5
  A follistatin-like protein 5 (human)
obo:PR_Q8BFR2
  D "A follistatin-related protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A follistatin-like protein 5 (mouse)
  A mFSTL5
  A m-D/Bsp120I 1-2
obo:PR_000041840
  D "A follistatin-related protein 5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N475-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FSTL5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8N475-2
  D "A follistatin-related protein 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N475-2."
  A hFSTL5/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8N475-3
  D "A follistatin-related protein 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N475-3."
  A hFSTL5/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q8BFR2-1
  D "A follistatin-related protein 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFSTL5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8N475-1
  D "A follistatin-related protein 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFSTL5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q05932
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A tetrahydrofolylpolyglutamate synthase (human)
  A tetrahydrofolate synthase (human)
  A hFPGS
  A folylpoly-gamma-glutamate synthetase (human)
obo:PR_P48760
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A tetrahydrofolylpolyglutamate synthase (mouse)
  A mFPGS
  A folylpoly-gamma-glutamate synthetase (mouse)
  A tetrahydrofolate synthase (mouse)
  A FPGS (mouse)
obo:PR_000040291
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05932-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FPGS/iso:1
obo:PR_000019928
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial that has had the transit peptide removed."
  A FPGS/TransPep-
obo:PR_Q05932-1
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial isoform Mitochondrial (human)
  A hFPGS/iso:1
obo:PR_Q05932-2
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05932-2."
  A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial isoform Cytoplasmic (human)
  A hFPGS/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q05932-3
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05932-3."
  A hFPGS/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q05932-4
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05932-4."
  A hFPGS/iso:h4
obo:PR_P48760-2
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48760-2."
  A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial isoform Cytoplasmic (mouse)
  A mFPGS/iso:m2
obo:PR_P48760-3
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48760-3."
  A mFPGS/iso:m3
obo:PR_P48760-4
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48760-4."
  A mFPGS/iso:m4
obo:PR_P48760-5
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48760-5."
  A mFPGS/iso:m5
obo:PR_P48760-1
  D "A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial isoform Mitochondrial (mouse)
  A mFPGS/iso:1
obo:PR_Q99853
  D "A forkhead box protein B1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXB1
  A transcription factor FKH-5 (human)
obo:PR_000042753
  D "A forkhead box protein B1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q99853-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FOXB1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q99853-1
  D "A forkhead box protein B1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXB1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q64732-1
  D "A forkhead box protein B1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXB1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q12948
  D "A forkhead box protein C1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXC1
  A FREAC-3 (human)
  A forkhead-related protein FKHL7 (human)
  A forkhead-related transcription factor 3 (human)
obo:PR_Q61060
  D "A forkhead box protein D3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A hepatocyte nuclear factor 3 forkhead homolog 2 (mouse)
  A HFH-2 (mouse)
  A mFOXD3
  A HNF3/FH transcription factor genesis (mouse)
obo:PR_Q12950
  D "A forkhead box protein D4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A myeloid factor-alpha (human)
  A hFOXD4
  A FREAC-5 (human)
  A forkhead-related protein FKHL9 (human)
  A forkhead-related transcription factor 5 (human)
obo:PR_Q9NU39
  D "A forkhead box protein D4-like 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXD4L1
  A FOXD4-like 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q6VB84
  D "A forkhead box protein D4-like 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FOXD4-like 3 (human)
  A hFOXD4L3
obo:PR_Q8WXT5
  D "A forkhead box protein D4-like 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A forkhead box protein D4B (human)
  A myeloid factor-gamma (human)
  A FOXD4-like 4 (human)
  A forkhead box protein D4-like 2 (human)
  A hFOXD4L4
obo:PR_Q5VV16
  D "A forkhead box protein D4-like 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FOXD4-like 5 (human)
  A hFOXD4L5
obo:PR_O08771
  D "A forkhead box protein E1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFOXE1
  A protein Foxe1 (rat)
  A TTF-2 protein (rat)
obo:PR_O00358
  D "A forkhead box protein E1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A TTF-2 (human)
  A HFKH4 (human)
  A hFOXE1
  A forkhead-related protein FKHL15 (human)
  A thyroid transcription factor 2 (human)
  A HFKL5 (human)
  A HNF-3/fork head-like protein 5 (human)
  A forkhead box protein E2 (human)
obo:PR_Q12946
  D "A forkhead box protein F1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A forkhead-related transcription factor 1 (human)
  A FREAC-1 (human)
  A hFOXF1
  A forkhead-related protein FKHL5 (human)
  A forkhead-related activator 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q61080
  D "A forkhead box protein F1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A HFH-8 (mouse)
  A hepatocyte nuclear factor 3 forkhead homolog 8 (mouse)
  A forkhead-related protein FKHL5 (mouse)
  A mFOXF1
  A FREAC-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_A1L1S5
  D "A forkhead box protein F1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FOXF1
obo:PR_Q12947
  D "A forkhead box protein F2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A forkhead-related protein FKHL6 (human)
  A forkhead-related activator 2 (human)
  A hFOXF2
  A FREAC-2 (human)
  A forkhead-related transcription factor 2 (human)
obo:PR_Q00939
  D "A forkhead box protein G1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFOXG1
  A BF1 (rat)
  A FoxG1 (rat)
  A BF-1 (rat)
  A forkhead-related protein FKHL1 (rat)
  A brain factor 1 (rat)
obo:PR_Q9I9E1
  D "A forkhead box protein H1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A schmalspur protein (zebrafish)
  A forkhead activin signal transducer 1 (zebrafish)
  A z-FOXH1
  A fast-1 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_Q922I5
  D "A forkhead box protein I1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXI1
obo:PR_Q6ZQN5
  D "A forkhead box protein I2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXI2
obo:PR_000042363
  D "A forkhead box protein J1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q92949-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FOXJ1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q92949-1
  D "A forkhead box protein J1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXJ1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q61660-1
  D "A forkhead box protein J1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXJ1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9P0K8
  D "A forkhead box protein J2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fork head homologous X (human)
  A hFOXJ2
obo:PR_Q9ES18
  D "A forkhead box protein J2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A fork head homologous X (mouse)
  A mFOXJ2
obo:PR_Q9P0K8-1
  D "A forkhead box protein J2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9P0K8-1."
  A forkhead box protein J2 isoform FHX.L (human)
  A hFOXJ2/iso:hFOXJ2.L
obo:PR_Q9P0K8-2
  D "A forkhead box protein J2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9P0K8-2."
  A forkhead box protein J2 isoform FHX.S (human)
  A hFOXJ2/iso:hFOXJ2.S
obo:PR_P85037
  D "A forkhead box protein K1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXK1
  A myocyte nuclear factor (human)
obo:PR_000019925
  D "A forkhead box protein K1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FOXK1/InitMet-
obo:PR_P85037-1
  D "A forkhead box protein K1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P85037-1."
  A forkhead box protein K1 isoform a (human)
  A hFOXK1/iso:h1
obo:PR_P85037-2
  D "A forkhead box protein K1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P85037-2."
  A forkhead box protein K1 isoform b (human)
  A hFOXK1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q01167
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A interleukin enhancer-binding factor 1 (human)
  A cellular transcription factor ILF-1 (human)
  A hFOXK2
obo:PR_Q3UCQ1
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A cellular transcription factor ILF-1 (mouse)
  A interleukin enhancer-binding factor 1 (mouse)
  A mFOXK2
obo:PR_000019926
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FOXK2/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q01167-1
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01167-1."
  A hFOXK2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q01167-2
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01167-2."
  A hFOXK2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q01167-3
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01167-3."
  A hFOXK2/iso:h3
obo:PR_000047443
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q01167, 2-660."
  A UniProtKB:Q01167, 2-660
  A hFOXK2/InitMet-
  A PRO_0000091858
obo:PR_Q3UCQ1-1
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UCQ1-1."
  A mFOXK2/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q3UCQ1-2
  D "A forkhead box protein K2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UCQ1-2."
  A mFOXK2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q08050
  D "A forkhead box protein M1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A MPM-2 reactive phosphoprotein 2 (human)
  A HFH-11 (human)
  A HNF-3/fork-head homolog 11 (human)
  A forkhead-related protein FKHL16 (human)
  A winged-helix factor from INS-1 cells (human)
  A hepatocyte nuclear factor 3 forkhead homolog 11 (human)
  A hFOXM1
  A transcription factor Trident (human)
  A M-phase phosphoprotein 2 (human)
obo:PR_Q08050-1
  D "A forkhead box protein M1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08050-1."
  A forkhead box protein M1 isoform FOXM1-c (human)
  A forkhead box protein M1 isoform FoxM1C (human)
  A hFOXM1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q08050-2
  D "A forkhead box protein M1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08050-2."
  A forkhead box protein M1 isoform FoxM1B (human)
  A forkhead box protein M1 isoform FOXM1-b (human)
  A hFOXM1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q08050-3
  D "A forkhead box protein M1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q08050-3."
  A forkhead box protein M1 isoform FOXM1-a (human)
  A forkhead box protein M1 isoform FoxM1A (human)
  A hFOXM1/iso:h4
obo:PR_000038066
  D "A forkhead box protein N1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15353-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FOXN1/iso:1
obo:PR_O15353-1
  D "A forkhead box protein N1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXN1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q61575-1
  D "A forkhead box protein N1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXN1/iso:1
obo:PR_P32314
  D "A forkhead box protein N2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A human T-cell leukemia virus enhancer factor (human)
  A hFOXN2
obo:PR_P32314-1
  D "A forkhead box protein N2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32314-1."
  A hFOXN2/iso:h1
obo:PR_P32314-2
  D "A forkhead box protein N2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32314-2."
  A hFOXN2/iso:h2
obo:PR_O00409
  D "A forkhead box protein N3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXN3
  A checkpoint suppressor 1 (human)
obo:PR_O00409-1
  D "A forkhead box protein N3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O00409-1."
  A hFOXN3/iso:h1
obo:PR_O00409-2
  D "A forkhead box protein N3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O00409-2."
  A hFOXN3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q12778
  D "A forkhead box protein O1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A forkhead in rhabdomyosarcoma (human)
  A forkhead box protein O1A (human)
  A hFOXO1
obo:PR_000027868
  D "A forkhead box protein O1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q12778-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FOXO1/iso:1
obo:PR_000027895
  D "A forkhead box protein O1 that has been modified at one Thr and two Ser residues, all situated within the canonical AKT1 kinase consensus RXRXX(S/T) motifs. Example: UniProtKB:Q12778, Thr-24, MOD:00047|Ser-256/Ser-319, MOD:00046."
  A FOXO1/Phos:2
obo:PR_Q12778-1
  D "A forkhead box protein O1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXO1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9R1E0-1
  D "A forkhead box protein O1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXO1/iso:1
obo:PR_000027893
  D "A forkhead box protein O1 isoform 1 that has been modified on a conserved Ser residue in the GKSPRRR motif at the C-terminus of the Forkhead box DNA-binding domain.This modification promotes FOXO1 activation and cell death in neurons. Example: UniProtKB:Q12778, Ser-249, MOD:00046."
  A FOXO1/iso:1/Phos:1
obo:PR_000027894
  D "A forkhead box protein O1 isoform 1 phosphorylated 1 in human. UniProtKB:Q12778-1, Ser-249, MOD:00046."
  A FOXO1-pSer249
  A hFOXO1/iso:1/Phos:1
  A UniProtKB:Q12778-1, Ser-249, MOD:00046
obo:PR_000027896
  D "A forkhead box protein O1 phosphorylated 2 in human. UniProtKB:Q12778, Thr-24, MOD:00047|Ser-256/Ser-319, MOD:00046."
  A FOXO1-pThr24-pSer256-pSer319
  A UniProtKB:Q12778, Thr-24, MOD:00047|Ser-256/Ser-319, MOD:00046
  A hFOXO1/Phos:2
obo:PR_Q9WVH4
  D "A forkhead box protein O3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXO3
obo:PR_P98177
  D "A forkhead box protein O4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fork head domain transcription factor AFX1 (human)
  A hFOXO4
obo:PR_Q9WVH3
  D "A forkhead box protein O4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXO4
  A fork head domain transcription factor AFX1 (mouse)
  A Afxh (mouse)
obo:PR_P98177-1
  D "A forkhead box protein O4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P98177-1."
  A hFOXO4/iso:h1
  A forkhead box protein O4 isoform FOXO4a (human)
obo:PR_P98177-2
  D "A forkhead box protein O4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P98177-2."
  A forkhead box protein O4 isoform FOXO4b (human)
  A hFOXO4/iso:Zeta
  A forkhead box protein O4 isoform AFXzeta (human)
obo:PR_000047447
  D "A forkhead box protein O4 (human) that includes at least one ubiquitinated lysine. UniProtKB:P98177, MOD:01148."
  A UniProtKB:P98177, MOD:01148
  A hFOXO4/UbiqLys+
obo:PR_Q70KY4
  D "A forkhead box protein O6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXO6
obo:PR_O15409
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CAG repeat protein 44 (human)
  A hFOXP2
  A trinucleotide repeat-containing gene 10 protein (human)
obo:PR_P58463
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXP2
obo:PR_P0CF24
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFOXP2
obo:PR_O15409-1
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-1."
  A hFOXP2/iso:h1
  A forkhead box protein P2 isoform I (human)
obo:PR_O15409-3
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-3."
  A forkhead box protein P2 isoform II (human)
  A hFOXP2/iso:h2
obo:PR_O15409-2
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-2."
  A forkhead box protein P2 isoform IV (human)
  A forkhead box protein P2 isoform III (human)
  A hFOXP2/iso:h3
obo:PR_O15409-4
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-4."
  A hFOXP2/iso:h4
obo:PR_O15409-5
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-5."
  A hFOXP2/iso:h5
obo:PR_O15409-6
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-6."
  A hFOXP2/iso:h6
  A forkhead box protein P2 isoform FOXP2-S (human)
obo:PR_O15409-7
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-7."
  A hFOXP2/iso:h7
obo:PR_O15409-8
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-8."
  A hFOXP2/iso:h8
obo:PR_O15409-9
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15409-9."
  A hFOXP2/iso:h9
obo:PR_P58463-1
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P58463-1."
  A mFOXP2/iso:m1
obo:PR_P58463-2
  D "A forkhead box protein P2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P58463-2."
  A mFOXP2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9BZS1
  D "A forkhead box protein P3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A scurfin (human)
  A hFOXP3
obo:PR_Q99JB6
  D "A forkhead box protein P3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXP3
  A scurfin (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9BZS1-1
  D "A forkhead box protein P3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BZS1-1."
  A hFOXP3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9BZS1-2
  D "A forkhead box protein P3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BZS1-2."
  A hFOXP3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9BZS1-3
  D "A forkhead box protein P3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BZS1-3."
  A hFOXP3/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9BZS1-4
  D "A forkhead box protein P3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BZS1-4."
  A hFOXP3/iso:h4
obo:PR_000046052
  D "A forkhead box protein P3 (human) that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Tyr-342 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BZS1-1. Example: UniProtKB:Q9BZS1-1, Tyr-342, MOD:00048."
  A hFOXP3/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q8IVH2
  D "A forkhead box protein P4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXP4
  A fork head-related protein-like A (human)
obo:PR_Q9DBY0
  D "A forkhead box protein P4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A fork head-related protein-like A (mouse)
  A mFKHLA
  A mFOXP4
obo:PR_Q8IVH2-1
  D "A forkhead box protein P4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IVH2-1."
  A hFOXP4/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8IVH2-2
  D "A forkhead box protein P4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IVH2-2."
  A hFOXP4/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8IVH2-3
  D "A forkhead box protein P4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IVH2-3."
  A hFOXP4/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9DBY0-1
  D "A forkhead box protein P4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9DBY0-1."
  A mFOXP4/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q9DBY0-2
  D "A forkhead box protein P4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9DBY0-2."
  A mFOXP4/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9DBY0-3
  D "A forkhead box protein P4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9DBY0-3."
  A mFOXP4/iso:m3
obo:PR_O70220
  D "A forkhead box protein Q1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A HFH-1 (mouse)
  A HNF-3/forkhead-like protein 1 (mouse)
  A mFOXQ1
  A hepatocyte nuclear factor 3 forkhead homolog 1 (mouse)
  A HFH-1l (mouse)
obo:PR_Q6PIV2
  D "A forkhead box protein R1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOXR1
  A forkhead box protein N5 (human)
obo:PR_Q6PIV2-1
  D "A forkhead box protein R1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PIV2-1."
  A hFOXR1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q6PIV2-2
  D "A forkhead box protein R1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6PIV2-2."
  A hFOXR1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q6PJQ5
  D "A forkhead box protein R2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A forkhead box protein N6 (human)
  A hFOXR2
obo:PR_Q3UM89
  D "A forkhead box protein R2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOXR2
  A forkhead box protein N6 (mouse)
obo:PR_B1AJZ9
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFHAD1
  A FHA domain-containing protein 1 (human)
obo:PR_A6PWD2
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FHA domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
  A mFHAD1
obo:PR_B1AJZ9-1
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B1AJZ9-1."
  A hFHAD1/iso:h1
obo:PR_B1AJZ9-3
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B1AJZ9-3."
  A hFHAD1/iso:h3
obo:PR_B1AJZ9-4
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:B1AJZ9-4."
  A hFHAD1/iso:h4
obo:PR_A6PWD2-1
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A6PWD2-1."
  A mFHAD1/iso:m1
obo:PR_A6PWD2-2
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A6PWD2-2."
  A mFHAD1/iso:m2
obo:PR_A6PWD2-3
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A6PWD2-3."
  A mFHAD1/iso:m3
obo:PR_A6PWD2-4
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A6PWD2-4."
  A mFHAD1/iso:m4
obo:PR_A6PWD2-5
  D "A forkhead-associated domain-containing protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A6PWD2-5."
  A mFHAD1/iso:m5
obo:PR_O80358
  D "A formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A AtMMH-2
  A AtFPG-2
  A Fapy-DNA glycosylase (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A protein MutM homolog 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-mutM
  A DNA-(apurinic or apyrimidinic site) lyase FPG1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A protein MutM homolog 2 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase 2 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A AtMMH-1
  A AtFPG-1
  A formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_C0RG65
  D "A formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase that is encoded in the genome of Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457."
  A mutM (BRUMB)
  A DNA-(apurinic or apyrimidinic site) lyase MutM (Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457)
  A AP lyase MutM (Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457)
  A Fapy-DNA glycosylase (Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457)
obo:PR_Q8FXR6
  D "A formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase that is encoded in the genome of Brucella suis 1330."
  A DNA-(apurinic or apyrimidinic site) lyase MutM (Brucella suis 1330)
  A Fapy-DNA glycosylase (Brucella suis 1330)
  A AP lyase MutM (Brucella suis 1330)
  A mutM (BRUSU)
obo:PR_000024575
  D "A formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A mutM/InitMet-
obo:PR_O80358-1
  D "A formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O80358-1."
  A At-mutM/iso:1
obo:PR_O80358-2
  D "A formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O80358-2."
  A At-mutM/iso:2
obo:PR_P09373
  D "A formate acetyltransferase 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A pyruvate formate-lyase 1 (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-pflB
obo:PR_000025200
  D "A formate acetyltransferase 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P09373-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pflB/iso:1
obo:PR_000024646
  D "A formate acetyltransferase 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A pflB/InitMet-
obo:PR_P09373-1
  D "A formate acetyltransferase 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-pflB/iso:1
obo:PR_000025202
  D "A formate acetyltransferase 1 isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A pflB/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_000025204
  D "A formate acetyltransferase 1 isoform 1, initiator methionine removed form that has been cleaved at the radical Gly residue by exposure to oxygen, with loss of the C-terminal part."
  A pflB/iso:1/InitMet-/Clv:1
obo:PR_Q2FVV9
  D "A formate dehydrogenase H that is encoded in the genome of Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325."
  A fdhF (STAA8)
obo:PR_P0AEK7
  D "A formate dehydrogenase, nitrate-inducible, cytochrome b556(Fdn) subunit that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fdnI
  A FDH-N subunit gamma (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A anaerobic formate dehydrogenase cytochrome b556 subunit (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A formate dehydrogenase-N subunit gamma (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P32176
  D "A formate dehydrogenase-O major subunit that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A FDH-Z subunit alpha (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A formate dehydrogenase-O subunit alpha (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fdoG
  A aerobic formate dehydrogenase major subunit (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P0AC23
  D "A formate transporter 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A formate channel 1 (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-focA
obo:PR_P77733
  D "A formate transporter 2 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-focB
  A formate channel 2 (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P32711
  D "A formate-dependent nitrite reductase complex subunit NrfF that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-nrfF
obo:PR_P32712
  D "A formate-dependent nitrite reductase complex subunit NrfG that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-nrfG
obo:PR_000025117
  D "A formate-dependent phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P33221-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A purT/iso:1
obo:PR_000024685
  D "A formate-dependent phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A purT/InitMet-
obo:PR_P33221-1
  D "A formate-dependent phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-purT/iso:1
obo:PR_000025119
  D "A formate-dependent phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A purT/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9YH58
  D "A formimidoyltransferase-cyclodeaminase that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-FTCD
  A formiminotransferase-cyclodeaminase (chicken)
obo:PR_Q54JL3
  D "A formimidoyltransferase-cyclodeaminase that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A formiminotransferase-cyclodeaminase (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-FTCD
  A FTCD (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_000038581
  D "A formimidoyltransferase-cyclodeaminase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95954-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FTCD/iso:1
obo:PR_Q91XD4-1
  D "A formimidoyltransferase-cyclodeaminase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFTCD/iso:1
obo:PR_O95954-1
  D "A formimidoyltransferase-cyclodeaminase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFTCD/iso:A
obo:PR_Q68DA7
  D "A formin-1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A limb deformity protein homolog (human)
  A hFMN1
obo:PR_Q05860
  D "A formin-1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFMN1
  A limb deformity protein (mouse)
obo:PR_Q68DA7-1
  D "A formin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DA7-1."
  A hFMN1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q68DA7-2
  D "A formin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DA7-2."
  A hFMN1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q68DA7-3
  D "A formin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DA7-3."
  A hFMN1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q68DA7-5
  D "A formin-1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68DA7-5."
  A hFMN1/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q05860-1
  D "A formin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05860-1."
  A formin-1 IA (mouse)
  A formin-1 (IA)
  A mFMN1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q05860-2
  D "A formin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05860-2."
  A formin-1 (IB)
  A mFMN1/iso:2
  A formin-1 IB (mouse)
obo:PR_Q05860-3
  D "A formin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05860-3."
  A formin-1 (II)
  A mFMN1/iso:3
  A formin-1 II (mouse)
obo:PR_Q05860-4
  D "A formin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05860-4."
  A mFMN1/iso:4
  A formin-1 III (mouse)
  A formin-1 (III)
obo:PR_Q05860-5
  D "A formin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05860-5."
  A mFMN1/iso:5
  A formin-1 (IV)
  A formin-1 IV (mouse)
obo:PR_Q05860-6
  D "A formin-1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q05860-6."
  A formin-1 V (mouse)
  A formin-1 (V)
  A mFMN1/iso:6
obo:PR_000037436
  D "A formin-1 isoform 5 (mouse) that has been phosphorylated on some Ser and possibly some Thr residues, but not on Tyr residues. UniProtKB:Q05860-5, MOD:00046 and/or MOD:00047."
  A UniProtKB:Q05860-5, MOD:00046 and/or MOD:00047
  A mFMN1/iso:5/Phos:1
  A formin-1 IV phosphorylated 1
  A formin-1 (IV) phosphorylated 1
obo:PR_Q9NZ56
  D "A formin-2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFMN2
obo:PR_Q9NZ56-1
  D "A formin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NZ56-1."
  A hFMN2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9NZ56-2
  D "A formin-2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NZ56-2."
  A hFMN2/iso:h2
obo:PR_000041441
  D "A formin-binding protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TY0-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FNBP1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8R511-1
  D "A formin-binding protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFNBP1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5T0N5
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFNBP1L
  A transducer of Cdc42-dependent actin assembly protein 1 (human)
  A Toca-1 (human)
obo:PR_Q2HWF0
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A transducer of Cdc42-dependent actin assembly protein 1 (rat)
  A rFNBP1L
  A Toca-1 (rat)
obo:PR_000040977
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T0N5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FNBP1L/iso:1
obo:PR_000040978
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T0N5-4 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FNBP1L/iso:4
obo:PR_Q5T0N5-2
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T0N5-2."
  A hFNBP1L/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5T0N5-3
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T0N5-3."
  A hFNBP1L/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q5T0N5-5
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T0N5-5."
  A hFNBP1L/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q2HWF0-1
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q2HWF0-1."
  A rFNBP1L/iso:r1
obo:PR_Q2HWF0-2
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q2HWF0-2."
  A rFNBP1L/iso:r2
  A formin-binding protein 1-like isoform L (rat)
  A formin-binding protein 1-like isoform Long (rat)
obo:PR_Q5T0N5-1
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFNBP1L/iso:1
obo:PR_Q2HWF0-3
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like isoform 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A formin-binding protein 1-like isoform S (rat)
  A formin-binding protein 1-like isoform Short (rat)
  A rFNBP1L/iso:3
obo:PR_Q5T0N5-4
  D "A formin-binding protein 1-like isoform 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFNBP1L/iso:4
obo:PR_Q8N3X1
  D "A formin-binding protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFNBP4
  A formin-binding protein 30 (human)
obo:PR_Q8N3X1-1
  D "A formin-binding protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N3X1-1."
  A hFNBP4/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8N3X1-2
  D "A formin-binding protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N3X1-2."
  A hFNBP4/iso:h2
obo:PR_O95466
  D "A formin-like protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A leukocyte formin (human)
  A hFMNL1
  A CLL-associated antigen KW-13 (human)
obo:PR_O95466-1
  D "A formin-like protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95466-1."
  A formin-like protein 1 isoform FMNL1alpha (human)
  A hFMNL1/iso:h1
obo:PR_O95466-2
  D "A formin-like protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95466-2."
  A hFMNL1/iso:h2
  A formin-like protein 1 isoform FMNL1beta (human)
obo:PR_O95466-3
  D "A formin-like protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95466-3."
  A formin-like protein 1 isoform FMNL1gamma (human)
  A hFMNL1/iso:h3
obo:PR_000047433
  D "A formin-like protein 1 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:O95466, 2-1100."
  A UniProtKB:O95466, 2-1100
  A PRO_0000194890
  A hFMNL1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q96PY5
  D "A formin-like protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFMNL2
  A formin homology 2 domain-containing protein 2 (human)
obo:PR_A2APV2
  D "A formin-like protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFMNL2
  A protein Man (mouse)
obo:PR_Q96PY5-1
  D "A formin-like protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96PY5-1."
  A hFMNL2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q96PY5-3
  D "A formin-like protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96PY5-3."
  A hFMNL2/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047434
  D "A formin-like protein 2 (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:Q96PY5, 2-1086."
  A hFMNL2/InitMet-
  A PRO_0000289093
  A UniProtKB:Q96PY5, 2-1086
obo:PR_A2APV2-1
  D "A formin-like protein 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2APV2-1."
  A mFMNL2/iso:m1
obo:PR_A2APV2-2
  D "A formin-like protein 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2APV2-2."
  A mFMNL2/iso:m2
obo:PR_A2APV2-3
  D "A formin-like protein 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2APV2-3."
  A mFMNL2/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q6ZPF4
  D "A formin-like protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFMNL3
obo:PR_Q6NXC0
  D "A formin-like protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FMNL3
  A formin homology 2 domain-containing protein 3 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000041695
  D "A formin-like protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IVF7-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FMNL3/iso:1
obo:PR_000041696
  D "A formin-like protein 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IVF7-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FMNL3/iso:2
obo:PR_Q6ZPF4-1
  D "A formin-like protein 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFMNL3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6ZPF4-2
  D "A formin-like protein 3 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFMNL3/iso:2
obo:PR_O88537
  D "A formyl peptide receptor-related sequence 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFpr-rs3
obo:PR_A4FUQ5
  D "A formyl peptide receptor-related sequence 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFpr-rs4
  A N-formylpeptide receptor-like 4 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q71MR7
  D "A formyl peptide receptor-related sequence 7 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFpr-rs7
obo:PR_Q8NBK3
  D "A formylglycine-generating enzyme that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hSUMF1
  A C-alpha-formylglycine-generating enzyme 1 (human)
  A FGE (human)
  A sulfatase-modifying factor 1 (human)
obo:PR_000021600
  D "A formylglycine-generating enzyme that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A SUMF1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q8NBK3-1
  D "A formylglycine-generating enzyme (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NBK3-1."
  A hSUMF1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8NBK3-2
  D "A formylglycine-generating enzyme (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NBK3-2."
  A hSUMF1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8NBK3-3
  D "A formylglycine-generating enzyme (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NBK3-3."
  A hSUMF1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q8NBK3-4
  D "A formylglycine-generating enzyme (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NBK3-4."
  A hSUMF1/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q8NBK3-5
  D "A formylglycine-generating enzyme (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NBK3-5."
  A hSUMF1/iso:h5
obo:PR_000049383
  D "A formylglycine-generating enzyme (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q8NBK3, 34-374."
  A PRO_0000033456
  A UniProtKB:Q8NBK3, 34-374
  A hSUMF1/SigPep-
obo:PR_P37051
  D "A formyltetrahydrofolate deformylase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A formyl-FH(4) hydrolase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-purU
obo:PR_P15407
  D "A Fos-related antigen 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FRA-1 (human)
  A hFOSL1
obo:PR_P48755
  D "A Fos-related antigen 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFOSL1
  A FRA-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_P15407-1
  D "A Fos-related antigen 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15407-1."
  A hFOSL1/iso:h1
obo:PR_P15407-2
  D "A Fos-related antigen 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15407-2."
  A hFOSL1/iso:h2
obo:PR_P15408
  D "A Fos-related antigen 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFOSL2
  A FRA-2 (human)
obo:PR_P51145
  D "A Fos-related antigen 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFOSL2
  A FRA-2 (rat)
obo:PR_P15408-1
  D "A Fos-related antigen 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15408-1."
  A hFOSL2/iso:h1
obo:PR_P15408-2
  D "A Fos-related antigen 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15408-2."
  A hFOSL2/iso:h2
obo:PR_P15408-3
  D "A Fos-related antigen 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P15408-3."
  A hFOSL2/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q13642
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FHL-1 (human)
  A skeletal muscle LIM-protein 1 (human)
  A SLIM (human)
  A hFHL1
  A SLIM-1 (human)
obo:PR_Q9WUH4
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FHL-1 (rat)
  A rFHL1
obo:PR_000019899
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FHL1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q13642-1
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13642-1."
  A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 isoform SLIM1 (human)
  A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 isoform FHL1A (human)
  A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 isoform FHL1 (human)
  A hFHL1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q13642-2
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13642-2."
  A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 isoform SLIMMER (human)
  A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 isoform FHL1B (human)
  A hFHL1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q13642-3
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13642-3."
  A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 isoform FHL1C (human)
  A hFHL1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q13642-4
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13642-4."
  A hFHL1/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q13642-5
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13642-5."
  A hFHL1/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q14192
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A skeletal muscle LIM-protein 3 (human)
  A LIM domain protein DRAL (human)
  A FHL-2 (human)
  A hFHL2
  A SLIM-3 (human)
obo:PR_O70433
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A skeletal muscle LIM-protein 3 (mouse)
  A mFHL2
  A FHL-2 (mouse)
  A SLIM-3 (mouse)
obo:PR_O35115
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FHL-2 (rat)
  A LIM domain protein DRAL (rat)
  A skeletal muscle LIM-protein 3 (rat)
  A SLIM-3 (rat)
  A rFHL2
obo:PR_000038301
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O70433-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FHL2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q14192-1
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14192-1."
  A hFHL2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q14192-2
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14192-2."
  A hFHL2/iso:h2
obo:PR_O35115-1
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFHL2/iso:1
obo:PR_O70433-1
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFHL2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5TD97
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A activator of CREM in testis (human)
  A activator of cAMP-responsive element modulator in testis (human)
  A hFHL5
  A FHL-5 (human)
obo:PR_Q6AXT1
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A FHL-5 (rat)
  A rFHL5
obo:PR_000040995
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5TD97-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FHL5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5TD97-1
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFHL5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9WTX7-1
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFHL5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6AXT1-1
  D "A four and a half LIM domains protein 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFHL5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q86VR8
  D "A four-jointed box protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFJX1
  A four-jointed protein homolog (human)
obo:PR_O35188
  D "A fractalkine that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A neurotactin (mouse)
  A mCX3CL1
  A CX3C membrane-anchored chemokine (mouse)
  A C-X3-C motif chemokine 1 (mouse)
  A small-inducible cytokine D1 (mouse)
obo:PR_000002982
  D "A fractalkine that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Z0D9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CX3CL1/iso:1
obo:PR_000018550
  D "A fractalkine that has been processed by proteolytic cleavage."
  A CX3CL1/ClvPrd
obo:PR_000018549
  D "A fractalkine that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A CX3CL1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q9Z0D9-1
  D "A fractalkine isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCX3CR1/iso:1
obo:PR_000021941
  D "A fractalkine isoform 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A CX3CL1/iso:1/SigPep-
obo:PR_000047104
  D "A fractalkine (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P78423, 25-397."
  A UniProtKB:P78423, 25-397
  A PRO_0000005252
  A hCX3CL1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q8N0W7
  D "A fragile X mental retardation 1 neighbor protein that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFMR1NB
  A sarcoma antigen NY-SAR-35 (human)
  A cancer/testis antigen 37 (human)
  A CT37 (human)
obo:PR_000003390
  D "A fragile X-related protein that is a translation product of the human FXR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXR1
  A FXR1p
obo:PR_000003391
  D "A fragile X-related protein that is a translation product of the human FXR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXR2
obo:PR_000003389
  D "A fragile X-related protein that is a translation product of the human FMR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fragile X mental retardation 1 protein
  A fragile X mental retardation protein 1
  A FMR1
obo:PR_000003395
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61584-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXR1 isoform 2
  A FXR1/iso:A
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform 2
  A FXR1 isoform A
obo:PR_000003397
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61584-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXR1 isoform 3
  A FXR1 isoform B
  A FXR1/iso:B
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform 3
obo:PR_000003399
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61584-4 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXR1/iso:C
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform 4
  A FXR1 isoform 4
  A FXR1 isoform C
obo:PR_000003401
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61584-5 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform 5
  A FXR1 isoform D
  A FXR1 isoform 5
  A FXR1/iso:D
obo:PR_000003393
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61584-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXR1/iso:E
  A FXR1 isoform E
  A FXR1 isoform 1
obo:PR_000003403
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61584-6 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXR1/iso:F
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform 6
  A FXR1 isoform 6
obo:PR_000003405
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61584-7 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform 7
  A FXR1 isoform 7
  A FXR1/iso:G
  A FXR1 isoform G
obo:PR_000018816
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FXR1/InitMet-
obo:PR_P51114-2
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FXR1 isoform 2 (human)
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform b (human)
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform 2 (human)
  A hFXR1/iso:A
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform Short (human)
obo:PR_P51114-1
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform D that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFXR1/iso:D
  A FXR1 isoform 1 (human)
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform Long (human)
  A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 1 isoform 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q9WVR4
  D "A fragile X mental retardation syndrome-related protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFXR2
obo:PR_P35922
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FMRP (mouse)
  A fragile X mental retardation protein 1 homolog (mouse)
  A mFMR1
  A protein FMR-1 (mouse)
  A mFmr1p
obo:PR_Q80WE1
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFMR1
  A FMRP (rat)
  A protein FMR-1 (rat)
  A fragile X mental retardation protein 1 homolog (rat)
obo:PR_P35922-1
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-1."
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO1 (mouse)
  A mFMR1/iso:m1
obo:PR_P35922-10
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-10."
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO10 (mouse)
  A mFMR1/iso:m10
obo:PR_P35922-11
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-11."
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO11 (mouse)
  A mFMR1/iso:m11
obo:PR_P35922-12
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-12."
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO12 (mouse)
  A mFMR1/iso:m12
obo:PR_P35922-2
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-2."
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO2 (mouse)
  A mFMR1/iso:m2
obo:PR_P35922-3
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-3."
  A mFMR1/iso:m3
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO3 (mouse)
obo:PR_P35922-4
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-4."
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO4 (mouse)
  A mFMR1/iso:m4
obo:PR_P35922-5
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-5."
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO5 (mouse)
  A mFMR1/iso:m5
obo:PR_P35922-6
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-6."
  A mFMR1/iso:m6
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO6 (mouse)
obo:PR_P35922-7
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-7."
  A mFMR1/iso:m7
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO7 (mouse)
obo:PR_P35922-8
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-8."
  A mFMR1/iso:m8
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO8 (mouse)
obo:PR_P35922-9
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35922-9."
  A mFMR1/iso:m9
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform ISO9 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q80WE1-1
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80WE1-1."
  A rFMR1/iso:r1
obo:PR_Q80WE1-2
  D "A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80WE1-2."
  A rFMR1/iso:r2
  A synaptic functional regulator FMR1 isoform 18 (rat)
obo:PR_Q5H8C1
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A protein QBRICK (human)
  A hFREM1
obo:PR_Q684R7
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFREM1
  A protein QBRICK (mouse)
obo:PR_Q5H8C1-1
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5H8C1-1."
  A hFREM1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5H8C1-2
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5H8C1-2."
  A hFREM1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5H8C1-3
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5H8C1-3."
  A hFREM1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q5H8C1-4
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5H8C1-4."
  A hFREM1/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q684R7-1
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q684R7-1."
  A mFREM1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q684R7-2
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q684R7-2."
  A mFREM1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q684R7-3
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q684R7-3."
  A mFREM1/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q6NVD0
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A ECM3 homolog (mouse)
  A mFREM2
  A NV domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q6NVD0-1
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6NVD0-1."
  A mFREM2/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q6NVD0-2
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6NVD0-2."
  A mFREM2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q6NVD0-3
  D "A FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6NVD0-3."
  A mFREM2/iso:m3
obo:PR_O74831
  D "A frataxin, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h-."
  A Spom972h-FXN
obo:PR_Q9ZR07
  D "A frataxin, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A Fxn (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-FXN
obo:PR_O35943
  D "A frataxin, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFXN
obo:PR_D3ZYW7
  D "A frataxin, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFXN
obo:PR_000019947
  D "A frataxin, mitochondrial that has had the transit peptide removed."
  A FXN/TransPep-
obo:PR_000047459
  D "A frataxin, mitochondrial (human) that has had the transit peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q16595, 42-210."
  A hFXN/TransPep-
  A PRO_0000010129
  A UniProtKB:Q16595, 42-210
obo:PR_P36088
  D "A free methionine-R-sulfoxide reductase that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A ymsrC
  A fRMsr (yeast)
  A GAF domain-containing protein YKL069W (yeast)
obo:PR_Q01543
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A proto-oncogene Fli-1 (human)
  A transcription factor ERGB (human)
  A hFLI1
obo:PR_P26323
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFLI1
  A retroviral integration site protein Fli-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_000028814
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01543-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FLI1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q01543-2
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01543-2."
  A hFLI1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q01543-3
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01543-3."
  A hFLI1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q01543-4
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01543-4."
  A hFLI1/iso:h4
obo:PR_000045869
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor (human) that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Thr-312 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01543-1. Example: UniProtKB:Q01543-1, Thr-312, MOD:00047."
  A hFLI1/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q01543-1
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFLI1/iso:1
obo:PR_000028816
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor isoform 1 that has been acetylated on a Lys residue located between the Ets binding site and the C-terminal activation domain. Example: UniProtKB:Q01543-1, Lys-380, MOD:00723."
  A FLI1/iso:1/Ac:1
obo:PR_000028817
  D "A Friend leukemia integration 1 transcription factor isoform 1 acetylated 1 in human. Acetylation decreases protein stability, inhibits DNA binding and modulates Fli1 repressor function. UniProtKB:Q01543-1, Lys-380, MOD:00723."
  A hFLI1/iso:1/Ac:1
  A UniProtKB:Q01543-1, Lys-380, MOD:00723
obo:PR_000017652
  D "A friend of GATA that is a translation product of the human ZFPM1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A friend of GATA 1
  A friend of GATA protein 1
  A FOG-1
  A zinc finger protein multitype 1
  A ZFPM1
obo:PR_000017653
  D "A friend of GATA that is a translation product of the human ZFPM2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A zinc finger protein multitype 2
  A friend of GATA 2
  A friend of GATA protein 2
  A FOG-2
  A ZFPM2
obo:PR_Q9VPQ6
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM1 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-ZFPM1
  A protein U-shaped (fruit fly)
obo:PR_000027815
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O35615-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ZFPM1/iso:1
obo:PR_000027817
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein that lacks the N-terminal nucleosome remodeling domain-binding domain. This isoform is generated by alternative initiation using an internal starting codon. Example: UniProtKB:O35615-1, 19-995."
  A ZFPM1/iso:2
obo:PR_O35615-1
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A FOG1L (mouse)
  A mZFPM1/iso:1
obo:PR_000027818
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM1 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse. This isoform is generated by alternative initiation and lacks the N-terminal nucleosome remodeling domain-binding domain. UniProtKB:O35615-1, 19-995."
  A mZFPM1/iso:2
  A FOG1S (mouse)
  A UniProtKB:O35615-1, 19-995
obo:PR_Q8WW38
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A Friend of GATA 2 (human)
  A zinc finger protein multitype 2 (human)
  A Friend of GATA protein 2 (human)
  A FOG-2 (human)
  A hZFPM2
  A zinc finger protein 89B (human)
  A hFOG-2
obo:PR_Q8CCH7
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A Friend of GATA protein 2 (mouse)
  A zinc finger protein multitype 2 (mouse)
  A FOG-2 (mouse)
  A mFOG-2
  A mZFPM2
  A Friend of GATA 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_000042188
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8WW38-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ZFPM2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8WW38-1
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hZFPM2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8WW38-2
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8WW38-2."
  A hZFPM2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8CCH7-1
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mZFPM2/iso:1
obo:PR_A5HE91
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A5HE91."
  A mZFPM2/iso:4
  A Fog-2s (mouse)
  A FOG-2S transcriptional co-factor (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8CCH7-2
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CCH7-2."
  A mZFPM2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8CCH7-3
  D "A zinc finger protein ZFPM2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CCH7-3."
  A mZFPM2/iso:m3
obo:PR_P70213
  D "A Friend virus susceptibility protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFv1
obo:PR_Q9H479
  D "A fructosamine-3-kinase that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFN3K
obo:PR_Q9ER35
  D "A fructosamine-3-kinase that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFN3K
obo:PR_000043275
  D "A fructosamine-3-kinase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H479-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FN3K/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9ER35-1
  D "A fructosamine-3-kinase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFN3K/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H479-1
  D "A fructosamine-3-kinase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFN3K/iso:1
obo:PR_P0ACP1
  D "A fructose repressor that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fruR
  A fructose repressor (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P19112
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A liver FBPase (rat)
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase 1 (rat)
  A rFBP1
  A FBPase 1 (rat)
obo:PR_000038773
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P09467-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBP1/iso:1
obo:PR_000019853
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FBP1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9QXD6-1
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBP1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q03224
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 class 2 that is encoded in the genome of Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. 168."
  A FBPase class 2 (Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. 168)
  A glpX (BACSU)
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase class 2 (Bacillus subtilis subsp. subtilis str. 168)
obo:PR_Q6RYT0
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase class 1 that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A Dicty-fbp
  A FBPase (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase (Dictyostelium discoideum)
obo:PR_G5EBJ7
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase class 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A fbp (worm)
  A K07A3.1a (worm)
obo:PR_Q9EXV4
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase class 1 that is encoded in the genome of Sinorhizobium meliloti 1021."
  A fbp (RHIME)
  A FBPase class 1 (Sinorhizobium meliloti 1021)
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase class 1 (Sinorhizobium meliloti 1021)
obo:PR_O00757
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase isozyme 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A FBPase 2 (human)
  A muscle FBPase (human)
  A hFBP2
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase 2 (human)
obo:PR_P70695
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase isozyme 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A muscle FBPase (mouse)
  A mFBP2
  A FBPase 2 (mouse)
  A RAE-30 (mouse)
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase 2 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9Z1N1
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase isozyme 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBP2
  A muscle FBPase (rat)
  A FBPase 2 (rat)
  A D-fructose-1,6-bisphosphate 1-phosphohydrolase 2 (rat)
obo:PR_000037949
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase isozyme 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O00757-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FBP2/iso:1
obo:PR_O00757-1
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase isozyme 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFBP2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9Z1N1-1
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase isozyme 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFBP2/iso:1
obo:PR_P70695-1
  D "A fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase isozyme 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFBP2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NQ88
  D "A fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase TIGAR that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A TP53-induced glycolysis regulatory phosphatase (human)
  A TP53-induced glycolysis and apoptosis regulator (human)
  A hTIGAR
obo:PR_Q8BZA9
  D "A fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase TIGAR that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A TP53-induced glycolysis regulatory phosphatase (mouse)
  A mTIGAR
  A TP53-induced glycolysis and apoptosis regulator (mouse)
obo:PR_P78055
  D "A fructose-6-phosphate aldolase 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fsaA
  A fructose-6-phosphate aldolase A (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A FSAA (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P05064
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mALDOA
  A muscle-type aldolase (mouse)
  A aldolase 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_P05065
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase A that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rALDOA
  A muscle-type aldolase (rat)
obo:PR_000018958
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase A that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A ALDOA/InitMet-
obo:PR_000046318
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase A (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P04075, 2-364."
  A UniProtKB:P04075, 2-364
  A hALDOA/InitMet-
  A PRO_0000216936
obo:PR_P07341
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-ALDOB
  A liver-type aldolase (chicken)
obo:PR_P05062
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hALDOB
  A liver-type aldolase (human)
obo:PR_Q91Y97
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A aldolase 2 (mouse)
  A mALDOB
  A liver-type aldolase (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8JH71
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-ALDOB
  A liver-type aldolase (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000038662
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P05062-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALDOB/iso:1
obo:PR_000018959
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A ALDOB/InitMet-
obo:PR_P05062-1
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hALDOB/iso:1
obo:PR_000046319
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P05062, 2-364."
  A UniProtKB:P05062, 2-364
  A PRO_0000216940
  A hALDOB/InitMet-
obo:PR_P07341-1
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-ALDOB/iso:1
obo:PR_Q91Y97-1
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mALDOB/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8JH71-1
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-ALDOB/iso:1
obo:PR_P09972
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase C that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hALDOC
  A brain-type aldolase (human)
obo:PR_P05063
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase C that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mALDOC
  A zebrin II (mouse)
  A scrapie-responsive protein 2 (mouse)
  A brain-type aldolase (mouse)
  A aldolase 3 (mouse)
obo:PR_P09117
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase C that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rALDOC
  A brain-type aldolase (rat)
obo:PR_000038663
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase C that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P05063-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALDOC/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8JH70
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase C that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A brain-type aldolase-B (zebrafish)
  A z-ALDOC
obo:PR_000046320
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase C (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P09972, 2-364."
  A PRO_0000216947
  A hALDOC/InitMet-
  A UniProtKB:P09972, 2-364
obo:PR_P05063-1
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase C isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mALDOC/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8JH70-1
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase C isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-ALDOC/iso:1
obo:PR_000025072
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P0A991-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fbaB/iso:1
obo:PR_000024403
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fbaB/InitMet-
obo:PR_000025074
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 1 isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fbaB/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_000025075
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 1 isoform 1, initiator methionine removed form that has been post-translationally modified to include N6-acetyllysine residues. Example: UniProtKB:P0A991-1, 2-350, Lys-208/Lys-262, MOD:00064."
  A fbaB/iso:1/InitMet-/Ac:1
obo:PR_000036712
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 1 isoform 1, initiator methionine removed acetylated 1 in Escherichia coli K-12. UniProtKB:P0A991-1, 2-350, Lys-208/Lys-262, MOD:00064."
  A PRO_0000138939, Lys-208/Lys-262, MOD:00064
  A Ec-fbaB/iso:1/InitMet-/Ac:1
  A UniProtKB:P0A991-1, 2-350, Lys-208/Lys-262, MOD:00064
obo:PR_P0AB71
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 2 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class II (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A fructose-1,6-bisphosphate aldolase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fbaA
  A FBPA (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_000025076
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P0AB71-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fbaA/iso:1
obo:PR_000024402
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 2 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fbaA/InitMet-
obo:PR_P0AB71-1
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fbaA/iso:1
obo:PR_000025078
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 2 isoform 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fbaA/iso:1/InitMet-
obo:PR_000025401
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 2 isoform 1, initiator methionine removed form that has been acetylated at the position equivalent to Lys-9 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P0AB71-1. Example: UniProtKB:P0AB71-1, 2-359, Lys-9, MOD:00064."
  A fbaA/iso:1/InitMet-/Ac:1
obo:PR_000036713
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 2 isoform 1, initiator methionine removed form in Escherichia coli K-12. UniProtKB:P0AB71-1, 2-359."
  A PRO_0000178713
  A Ec-fbaA/iso:1/InitMet-
  A UniProtKB:P0AB71-1, 2-359
obo:PR_000036775
  D "A fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class 2 isoform 1, initiator methionine removed acetylated 1 in Escherichia coli K-12. UniProtKB:P0AB71-1, 2-359, Lys-9, MOD:00064."
  A Ec-fbaA/iso:1/InitMet-/Ac:1
  A PRO_0000178713, Lys-9, MOD:00064
  A UniProtKB:P0AB71-1, 2-359, Lys-9, MOD:00064
obo:PR_P32672
  D "A fructose-like permease IIC component 2 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frwC
  A PTS system fructose-like EIIC component 2 (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P32154
  D "A fructose-like PTS system EIIBC component that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frvB
obo:PR_P45541
  D "A fructoselysine 3-epimerase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frlC
  A protein FrlC (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P0AC00
  D "A fructoselysine 6-phosphate deglycase that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frlB
obo:PR_P45539
  D "A fructoselysine/psicoselysine transporter FrlA that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frlA
  A fructoselysine transporter FrlA (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P50276
  D "A fructoselysine/psicoselysine transporter FrlA that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yfrlA
obo:PR_P32152
  D "An frv operon regulatory protein that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frvR
obo:PR_000025040
  D "An frv operon regulatory protein that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32152-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A frvR/iso:1
obo:PR_P32152-1
  D "An frv operon regulatory protein isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frvR/iso:1
obo:PR_000025041
  D "An frv operon regulatory protein isoform 1 that has not been subjected to any co- or post-translational residue modification or peptide bond cleavage."
  A frvR/iso:1/UnMod
obo:PR_Q8BYN5
  D "An FSD1-like protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFSD1L
  A coiled-coil domain-containing protein 10 (mouse)
  A FSD1 N-terminal-like protein (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8BYN5-1
  D "An FSD1-like protein (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BYN5-1."
  A mFSD1L/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8BYN5-2
  D "An FSD1-like protein (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BYN5-2."
  A mFSD1L/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8BYN5-3
  D "An FSD1-like protein (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8BYN5-3."
  A mFSD1L/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q66H54
  D "An FTS and Hook-interacting protein that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFAM160A2
  A protein FAM160A2 (rat)
  A FHIP (rat)
obo:PR_A2VDF0
  D "A fucose mutarotase that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFUOM
obo:PR_Q8R2K1
  D "A fucose mutarotase that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFUOM
obo:PR_Q7ZZ03
  D "A fucose mutarotase that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FUOM
obo:PR_A2VDF0-1
  D "A fucose mutarotase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2VDF0-1."
  A hFUOM/iso:h1
obo:PR_A2VDF0-2
  D "A fucose mutarotase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:A2VDF0-2."
  A hFUOM/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8R2K1-1
  D "A fucose mutarotase (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8R2K1-1."
  A mFUOM/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8R2K1-2
  D "A fucose mutarotase (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8R2K1-2."
  A mFUOM/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8R2K1-3
  D "A fucose mutarotase (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8R2K1-3."
  A mFUOM/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8R2K1-4
  D "A fucose mutarotase (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8R2K1-4."
  A mFUOM/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q8R2K1-5
  D "A fucose mutarotase (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8R2K1-5."
  A mFUOM/iso:m5
obo:PR_000030069
  D "A fucose-1-phosphate guanylyltransferase that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFPGT
  A GDP-L-fucose pyrophosphorylase (human)
  A GDP-L-fucose diphosphorylase (human)
obo:PR_000019929
  D "A fucose-1-phosphate guanylyltransferase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FPGT/InitMet-
obo:PR_O14772-1
  D "A fucose-1-phosphate guanylyltransferase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O14772-1."
  A hFPGT/iso:2
obo:PR_O14772-2
  D "A fucose-1-phosphate guanylyltransferase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O14772-2."
  A hFPGT/iso:5
obo:PR_O14772-3
  D "A fucose-1-phosphate guanylyltransferase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O14772-3."
  A hFPGT/iso:6
obo:PR_O14772
  D "A fucose-1-phosphate guanylyltransferase (human), isoforms 2, 5, and 6."
  A hFPGT/iso:[2/5/6]
obo:PR_000038313
  D "A fukutin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O75072-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FKTN/iso:1
obo:PR_O75072-1
  D "A fukutin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFKTN/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8R507-1
  D "A fukutin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFKTN/iso:1
obo:PR_P0ACX5
  D "A fumarase D that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-ydhZ
obo:PR_P0AC33
  D "A fumarate hydratase class I, aerobic that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A oxaloacetate tautomerase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A fumarase A (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A oxaloacetate keto--enol-isomerase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A OAAKE isomerase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fumA
obo:PR_000024444
  D "A fumarate hydratase class I, aerobic that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A fumA/InitMet-
obo:PR_P14407
  D "A fumarate hydratase class I, anaerobic that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A D-tartrate dehydratase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fumB
  A fumarase B (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_000025079
  D "A fumarate hydratase class I, anaerobic that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P14407-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fumB/iso:1
obo:PR_P14407-1
  D "A fumarate hydratase class I, anaerobic isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-fumB/iso:1
obo:PR_000036714
  D "A fumarate hydratase class I, anaerobic isoform 1 acetylated 1 in Escherichia coli K-12. UniProtKB:P14407-1, Lys-192, MOD:00064."
  A UniProtKB:P14407-1, Lys-192, MOD:00064
  A Ec-fumB/iso:1/Ac:1
obo:PR_000025080
  D "A fumarate hydratase class I, anaerobic isoform 1 that has not been subjected to any co- or post-translational residue modification or peptide bond cleavage."
  A fumB/iso:1/UnMod
obo:PR_P05042
  D "A fumarate hydratase class II that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A aerobic fumarase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A Ec-fumC
  A iron-independent fumarase (Escherichia coli K-12)
  A fumarase C (Escherichia coli K-12)
obo:PR_P07954
  D "A fumarate hydratase, mitochondrial that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fumarase (human)
  A hFH
obo:PR_000025754
  D "A fumarate hydratase, mitochondrial that is a translation product of a mature transcript of the FH gene including the mitochondrial transit peptide. Example: UniProtKB:P97807-1."
  A FH/iso:1
obo:PR_000025757
  D "A fumarate hydratase, mitochondrial that is a translation product of a mature transcript of the FH gene lacking the mitochondrial transit peptide. Example: UniProtKB:P97807-2."
  A FH/iso:2
obo:PR_000047418
  D "A fumarate hydratase, mitochondrial (human) that has had the transit peptide removed. UniProtKB:P07954, 45-510."
  A UniProtKB:P07954, 45-510
  A hFH/TransPep-
  A PRO_0000010319
obo:PR_P07954-1
  D "A fumarate hydratase, mitochondrial isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFH/iso:1
obo:PR_P97807-1
  D "A fumarate hydratase, mitochondrial isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFH/iso:1
obo:PR_P07954-2
  D "A fumarate hydratase, mitochondrial isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFH/iso:2
obo:PR_P97807-2
  D "A fumarate hydratase, mitochondrial isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFH/iso:2
obo:PR_P00363
  D "A fumarate reductase flavoprotein subunit that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frdA
obo:PR_000024439
  D "A fumarate reductase flavoprotein subunit that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A frdA/InitMet-
obo:PR_P0AC47
  D "A fumarate reductase iron-sulfur subunit that is encoded in the genome of Escherichia coli K-12."
  A Ec-frdB
obo:PR_000024440
  D "A fumarate reductase iron-sulfur subunit that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A frdB/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q8RW90
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A AtFAH
  A protein SHORT-DAY SENSITIVE CELL DEATH 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A At-FAH
obo:PR_Q1ZXQ1
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase that is encoded in the genome of Dictyostelium discoideum."
  A FAA (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A beta-diketonase (Dictyostelium discoideum)
  A Dicty-FAH
obo:PR_P16930
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAH
  A FAA (human)
  A beta-diketonase (human)
  A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase (human)
obo:PR_P35505
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A beta-diketonase (mouse)
  A FAA (mouse)
  A mFAH
  A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase (mouse)
obo:PR_P25093
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFAH
  A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase (rat)
  A beta-diketonase (rat)
  A FAA (rat)
obo:PR_000038965
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P16930-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAH/iso:1
obo:PR_000026566
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FAH/InitMet-
obo:PR_P16930-1
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAH/iso:1
obo:PR_P16930-2
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P16930-2."
  A hFAH/iso:h2
obo:PR_P35505-1
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAH/iso:1
obo:PR_P25093-1
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFAH/iso:1
obo:PR_000047363
  D "A fumarylacetoacetase (human) that has had the initiator methionine removed. UniProtKB:P16930, 2-419."
  A hFAH/InitMet-
  A PRO_0000156825
  A UniProtKB:P16930, 2-419
obo:PR_Q8R0F8
  D "A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFAHD1
  A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
  A OAA decarboxylase (mouse)
  A oxaloacetate decarboxylase (mouse)
obo:PR_Q6AYQ8
  D "A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A OAA decarboxylase (rat)
  A oxaloacetate decarboxylase (rat)
  A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 1 (rat)
  A rFAHD1
obo:PR_P53889
  D "A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yFAHD1
obo:PR_000007325
  D "A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 2 that is a translation product of the human FAHD2A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAHD2A
obo:PR_000007326
  D "A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 2 that is a translation product of the human FAHD2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAHD2B
obo:PR_Q6P2I3
  D "A fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 2B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFAHD2B
obo:PR_Q8IVP5
  D "A FUN14 domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFUNDC1
obo:PR_Q9DB70
  D "A FUN14 domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFUNDC1
obo:PR_Q5BJS4
  D "A FUN14 domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFUNDC1
obo:PR_Q6DH87
  D "A FUN14 domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FUNDC1
obo:PR_000041702
  D "A FUN14 domain-containing protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IVP5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FUNDC1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9DB70-1
  D "A FUN14 domain-containing protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFUNDC1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5BJS4-1
  D "A FUN14 domain-containing protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFUNDC1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8IVP5-1
  D "A FUN14 domain-containing protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFUNDC1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q14802
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A sodium/potassium-transporting ATPase subunit FXYD3 (human)
  A chloride conductance inducer protein Mat-8 (human)
  A phospholemman-like (human)
  A mammary tumor 8 kDa protein (human)
  A hFXYD3
obo:PR_000041089
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61835-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXYD3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q14802-1
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14802-1."
  A FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 isoform FXYD3-sf (human)
  A hFXYD3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q14802-2
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14802-2."
  A FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 isoform FXYD3-lf (human)
  A hFXYD3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q14802-3
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14802-3."
  A hFXYD3/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q14802-4
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14802-4."
  A hFXYD3/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q14802-5
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14802-5."
  A hFXYD3/iso:h5
obo:PR_000047461
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q14802, 21-87."
  A PRO_0000010362
  A UniProtKB:Q14802, 21-87
  A hFXYD3/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q61835-1
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFXYD3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9H0Q3
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFXYD6
  A phosphohippolin (human)
obo:PR_Q9D164
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A PLM-like protein (mouse)
  A mFXYD6
  A phosphohippolin (mouse)
obo:PR_000043077
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9D164-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXYD6/iso:1
obo:PR_000043078
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9D164-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXYD6/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9H0Q3-1
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H0Q3-1."
  A hFXYD6/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9H0Q3-2
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H0Q3-2."
  A hFXYD6/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047463
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9H0Q3, 19-95."
  A UniProtKB:Q9H0Q3, 19-95
  A hFXYD6/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000010372
obo:PR_Q9D164-1
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFXYD6/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9D164-2
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 6 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFXYD6/iso:2
obo:PR_000039863
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 7 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P58549-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FXYD7/iso:1
obo:PR_P58549-1
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFXYD7/iso:1
obo:PR_P59648-1
  D "An FXYD domain-containing ion transport regulator 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFXYD7/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9BQS8
  D "A FYVE and coiled-coil domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A zinc finger FYVE domain-containing protein 7 (human)
  A hFYCO1
obo:PR_000029503
  D "A FYVE and coiled-coil domain-containing protein 1 that has had the initiator methionine removed."
  A FYCO1/InitMet-
obo:PR_Q9BQS8-1
  D "A FYVE and coiled-coil domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQS8-1."
  A hFYCO1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9BQS8-2
  D "A FYVE and coiled-coil domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQS8-2."
  A hFYCO1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9BQS8-3
  D "A FYVE and coiled-coil domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQS8-3."
  A hFYCO1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9BQS8-4
  D "A FYVE and coiled-coil domain-containing protein 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BQS8-4."
  A hFYCO1/iso:h4
obo:PR_P98174
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGD1
  A faciogenital dysplasia 1 protein (human)
  A zinc finger FYVE domain-containing protein 3 (human)
  A Rho/Rac guanine nucleotide exchange factor FGD1 (human)
  A Rho/Rac GEF (human)
obo:PR_P52734
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A zinc finger FYVE domain-containing protein 3 (mouse)
  A faciogenital dysplasia 1 protein homolog (mouse)
  A Rho/Rac guanine nucleotide exchange factor FGD1 (mouse)
  A mFGD1
  A Rho/Rac GEF (mouse)
obo:PR_Q7Z6J4
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFGD2
  A zinc finger FYVE domain-containing protein 4 (human)
obo:PR_Q7Z6J4-1
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7Z6J4-1."
  A hFGD2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q7Z6J4-2
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7Z6J4-2."
  A hFGD2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q7Z6J4-4
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7Z6J4-4."
  A hFGD2/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q7Z6J4-5
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7Z6J4-5."
  A hFGD2/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q5JSP0
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A zinc finger FYVE domain-containing protein 5 (human)
  A hFGD3
obo:PR_O88842
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGD3
obo:PR_Q5JSP0-1
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5JSP0-1."
  A hFGD3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5JSP0-2
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5JSP0-2."
  A hFGD3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5JSP0-3
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5JSP0-3."
  A hFGD3/iso:h3
obo:PR_O88842-1
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O88842-1."
  A mFGD3/iso:m1
obo:PR_O88842-2
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O88842-2."
  A mFGD3/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q96M96
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A zinc finger FYVE domain-containing protein 6 (human)
  A hFGD4
  A actin filament-binding protein frabin (human)
  A FGD1-related F-actin-binding protein (human)
obo:PR_Q91ZT5
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGD4
  A FGD1-related F-actin-binding protein (mouse)
  A actin filament-binding protein frabin (mouse)
obo:PR_O88387
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFGD4
  A actin filament-binding protein frabin (rat)
  A FGD1-related F-actin-binding protein (rat)
obo:PR_Q96M96-1
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96M96-1."
  A hFGD4/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q96M96-2
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96M96-2."
  A hFGD4/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q96M96-3
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96M96-3."
  A hFGD4/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q91ZT5-1
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q91ZT5-1."
  A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 isoform Frabin alpha (mouse)
  A mFGD4/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q91ZT5-2
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q91ZT5-2."
  A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 isoform Frabin beta (mouse)
  A mFGD4/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q91ZT5-3
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q91ZT5-3."
  A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 isoform Frabin gamma (mouse)
  A mFGD4/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q91ZT5-4
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q91ZT5-4."
  A mFGD4/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q80UZ0
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFGD5
obo:PR_Q80UZ0-1
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80UZ0-1."
  A mFGD5/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q80UZ0-2
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80UZ0-2."
  A mFGD5/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q5RH33
  D "A FYVE, RhoGEF and PH domain-containing protein 6 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-FGD6
obo:PR_P0CL81
  D "A G antigen 12G that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGAGE12G
  A GAGE-12G (human)
obo:PR_A6NDE8
  D "A G antigen 12H that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGAGE12H
  A GAGE-12H (human)
obo:PR_P0CL82
  D "A G antigen 12I that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGAGE12I
obo:PR_Q6NT46
  D "A G antigen 2A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGAGE2A
  A GAGE-2A (human)
obo:PR_Q13066
  D "A G antigen 2B/2C that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGAGE2[B/C]
  A G antigen 2C (human)
  A CT4.2 (human)
  A cancer/testis antigen 4.2 (human)
  A GAGE-2C (human)
  A GAGE-2B (human)
obo:PR_Q9UEU5
  D "A G antigen 2D that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGAGE[2D/8]
  A cancer/testis antigen 4.8 (human)
  A GAGE-8 (human)
  A CT4.8 (human)
  A GAGE-2D (human)
  A G antigen 8 (human)
obo:PR_Q13068
  D "A G antigen 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGAGE4
  A GAGE-4 (human)
  A cancer/testis antigen 4.4 (human)
  A CT4.4 (human)
obo:PR_Q13069
  D "A G antigen 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGAGE5
  A CT4.5 (human)
  A cancer/testis antigen 4.5 (human)
  A GAGE-5 (human)
obo:PR_Q13070
  D "A G antigen 6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A GAGE-6 (human)
  A hGAGE6
  A CT4.6 (human)
  A cancer/testis antigen 4.6 (human)
obo:PR_Q9JMB0
  D "A G kinase-anchoring protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A cGMP-dependent protein kinase-anchoring protein of 42 kDa (mouse)
  A mGKAP1
obo:PR_Q6NWC9
  D "A G kinase-anchoring protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-GKAP1
obo:PR_000041008
  D "A G kinase-anchoring protein 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5VSY0-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GKAP1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5VSY0-1
  D "A G kinase-anchoring protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGKAP1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9JMB0-1
  D "A G kinase-anchoring protein 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGKAP1/iso:1
obo:PR_O95872
  D "A G patch domain and ankyrin repeat-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 59 (human)
  A G patch domain-containing protein 10 (human)
  A hGPANK1
  A HLA-B-associated transcript 4 (human)
obo:PR_Q9DBM1
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPATCH1
obo:PR_Q21827
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A GPATCH1 (worm)
obo:PR_Q8GXN9
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-GPATCH1
  A protein TOUGH (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q8GXN9-1
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein TGH (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8GXN9-1."
  A At-GPATCH1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8GXN9-2
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein TGH (Arabidopsis thaliana) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8GXN9-2."
  A At-GPATCH1/iso:2
obo:PR_Q8N954
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 11 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPATCH11
  A coiled-coil domain-containing protein 75 (human)
obo:PR_Q3UFS4
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 11 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPATCH11
  A coiled-coil domain-containing protein 75 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q06152
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 11 that is encoded in the genome of yeast."
  A yGPATCH11
obo:PR_Q8N954-1
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 11 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N954-1."
  A hGPATCH11/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8N954-2
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 11 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8N954-2."
  A hGPATCH11/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9NW75
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPATCH2
obo:PR_Q9NW75-1
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NW75-1."
  A hGPATCH2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9NW75-2
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NW75-2."
  A hGPATCH2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q3TFK5
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPATCH4
obo:PR_Q566R3
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGPATCH4
obo:PR_Q3TFK5-1
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3TFK5-1."
  A mGPATCH4/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q3TFK5-2
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 4 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3TFK5-2."
  A mGPATCH4/iso:m2
obo:PR_F4JW79
  D "A G patch domain-containing protein 8 that is encoded in the genome of Arabidopsis thaliana."
  A At-GPATCH8
  A protein SPT5-like (Arabidopsis thaliana)
  A KOW domain-containing transcription factor 1 (Arabidopsis thaliana)
obo:PR_Q7JQT8
  D "A G protein pathway suppressor 2 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A LD41464p (fruit fly)
  A fly-GPS2
obo:PR_Q921N8
  D "A G protein pathway suppressor 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A GPS-2 (mouse)
  A mGPS2
obo:PR_P32298
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase GRK4 (human)
  A hGRK4
  A ITI1 (human)
obo:PR_O70291
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRK4
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase GRK4 (mouse)
obo:PR_P70507
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGRK4
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase GRK4 (rat)
obo:PR_P32298-1
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32298-1."
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 isoform GRK4-alpha (human)
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 isoform GRK4D (human)
  A hGRK4/iso:h1
obo:PR_P32298-2
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32298-2."
  A hGRK4/iso:h2
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 isoform GRK4C (human)
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 isoform GRK4-beta (human)
obo:PR_P32298-3
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32298-3."
  A hGRK4/iso:h3
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 isoform GRK4-delta (human)
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 isoform GRK4A (human)
obo:PR_P32298-4
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32298-4."
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 isoform GRK4-gamma (human)
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 isoform GRK4B (human)
  A hGRK4/iso:h4
obo:PR_P70507-1
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P70507-1."
  A rGRK4/iso:rGRK4A
obo:PR_P70507-2
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P70507-2."
  A rGRK4/iso:rGRK4B
obo:PR_P32866
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 5 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-GRK5
obo:PR_P34947
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGRK5
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase GRK5 (human)
obo:PR_000039318
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34947-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRK5/iso:1
obo:PR_P34947-1
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGRK5/iso:1
obo:PR_O70293
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRK6
  A G protein-coupled receptor kinase GRK6 (mouse)
obo:PR_000039461
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 6 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P43250-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRK6/iso:1
obo:PR_000039462
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 6 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P43250-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRK6/iso:2
obo:PR_O70293-1
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 6 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRK6/iso:GRK6A
obo:PR_O70293-2
  D "A G protein-coupled receptor kinase 6 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRK6/iso:GRK6B
obo:PR_Q7Z2K8
  D "A G protein-regulated inducer of neurite outgrowth 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPRIN1
obo:PR_Q7Z2K8-1
  D "A G protein-regulated inducer of neurite outgrowth 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7Z2K8-1."
  A hGPRIN1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q7Z2K8-2
  D "A G protein-regulated inducer of neurite outgrowth 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q7Z2K8-2."
  A hGPRIN1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9PWA3
  D "A G protein-regulated inducer of neurite outgrowth 2 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-GPRIN2
  A G protein-regulated inducer of neurite outgrowth 2-like protein (chicken)
  A G(o) alpha-interacting protein 6 (chicken)
obo:PR_Q6ZVF9
  D "A G protein-regulated inducer of neurite outgrowth 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPRIN3
  A GRIN3 (human)
obo:PR_Q8BWS5
  D "A G protein-regulated inducer of neurite outgrowth 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A GRIN3 (mouse)
  A mGPRIN3
obo:PR_Q56A08
  D "A G-patch domain and KOW motifs-containing protein that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPKOW
  A protein MOS2 homolog (mouse)
obo:PR_Q90X38
  D "A G-patch domain and KOW motifs-containing protein that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A protein T54-like (zebrafish)
  A z-GPKOW
obo:PR_000001087
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor with a 7 transmembrane (secretin family) domain (Pfam:PF00002) preceded by an amino-terminal region containing one or more functional domains with adhesion-like motifs."
  A adhesion class GPCR
  A subfamily B2 G-protein coupled receptor
  A fam:adhesion
obo:PR_000001417
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FFAR4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This receptor is abundantly expressed in intestine and is reported to bind free fatty acids."
  A G-protein coupled receptor GT01
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR4
  A G-protein coupled receptor 129
  A FFAR4
obo:PR_000001315
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor with core architecture consisting of an Fz domain (Pfam:PF01392), also known as Frizzled CRD (cysteine rich domain), followed by a Frizzled/Smoothened family membrane region (Pfam:PF01534), which includes 7 transmembrane helices, and a cytoplasmic domain containing the motif Lys-Thr-x-x-x-Trp. They generally function as cell-surface receptors for Wnts."
  A fam:frizzled
  A class F G-protein coupled receptor
obo:PR_000008186
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR143 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ocular albinism type 1 protein homolog
  A ocular albinism type 1 protein
  A GPR143
  A MOA1
obo:PR_000001149
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR157 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR157
obo:PR_000030038
  A fam:glutamate
  A class C G-protein coupled receptor
obo:PR_000030965
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR137 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR137
  A transmembrane 7 superfamily member 1-like 1 protein
obo:PR_000001491
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human NPSR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NPSR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor for asthma susceptibility
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR14
  A G-protein coupled receptor 154
obo:PR_000008184
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR107 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lung seven transmembrane receptor 1
  A GPR107
obo:PR_000001094
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that contains the 7 transmembrane receptor (rhodopsin family) domain (Pfam:PF00001), which includes 7 transmembrane helices (TMI-TM7) with 3 intracellular loops (IL1-IL3) and 3 extracellular loops (EL1-EL3) between the helices. The amino-terminal region is extracellular and the carboxyl-terminal region is intracellular. Rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) are unique among the several classes of GPCRs in that most have a very short amino-terminal segment and several characteristic sequence motifs, particularly NSxxNPxxY in TM7 and D/E-R-Y/F between TM3 and loop IL2. Most bind their ligands within a cavity between the TM regions."
  A fam:rhodopsin
  A class 1 G-protein coupled receptor
  A class A G-protein coupled receptor
obo:PR_000001095
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that contains the 7 transmembrane receptor (secretin family) domain (Pfam:PF00002) and has an amino-terminal segment of about 50-80 residues that contains conserved disulfide bonds and participates in ligand binding."
  A class B G-protein coupled receptor
  A fam:secretin
  A subfamily B1 G-protein coupled receptor
obo:PR_000036336
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human TAS1R1 to TAS1R3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A taste 1 receptor
  A fam:Tas1r
obo:PR_000036337
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a standalone Taste receptor protein (Pfam:PF05296) domain."
  A fam:Tas2r
  A taste 2 receptor
obo:PR_000031140
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human TPRA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TPRA1
  A integral membrane protein GPR175
obo:PR_000001561
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human UTS2R gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is urotensin II."
  A urotensin II receptor
  A UTS2R
  A G-protein coupled receptor 14
  A UR-II-R
  A UR-2-R
obo:PR_000001147
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR123
  A ADGRA1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 123
obo:PR_000031416
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRA2
  A GPR124
  A tumor endothelial marker 5
  A G-protein coupled receptor 124
obo:PR_000029513
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRA3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 125
  A ADGRA3
  A GPR125
obo:PR_000004629
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BAI1
  A ADGRB1
obo:PR_000004630
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 2
  A ADGRB2
  A BAI2
obo:PR_000004631
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRB3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 3
  A ADGRB3
  A BAI3
obo:PR_000001813
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRE1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRE1
  A EMR1
  A EGF-like module-containing mucin-like hormone receptor-like 1
  A EGF-like module receptor 1
  A cell surface glycoprotein F4/80
  A EMR1 hormone receptor
obo:PR_000007065
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRE2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EGF-like module receptor 2
  A ADGRE2
  A CD312
  A EGF-like module-containing mucin-like hormone receptor-like 2
  A EMR2
obo:PR_000007066
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRE3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EGF-like module receptor 3
  A EGF-like module-containing mucin-like hormone receptor-like 3
  A EMR3
  A ADGRE3
obo:PR_000030498
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRF4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR115
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR18
  A G-protein coupled receptor 115
  A ADGRF4
obo:PR_000031659
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRF5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 116
  A GPR116
  A ADGRF5
obo:PR_000031123
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRG3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 97
  A ADGRG3
  A GPR97
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR26
obo:PR_000031004
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR25
  A G-protein coupled receptor 133
  A GPR133
  A ADGRD1
obo:PR_000031237
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR144
  A G-protein coupled receptor 144
  A ADGRD2
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR24
obo:PR_000030825
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR110
  A G-protein coupled receptor 110
  A ADGRF1
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR19
  A G-protein coupled receptor KPG_012
obo:PR_000031052
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRF2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR20
  A GPR111
  A ADGRF2
  A G-protein coupled receptor 111
obo:PR_000030788
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRF3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR113
  A G-protein coupled receptor 113
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR23
  A ADGRF3
obo:PR_000008189
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein TM7XN1
  A GPR56
  A ADGRG1
  A serpentine receptor cyt28
  A G-protein coupled receptor 56
obo:PR_000008190
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A epididymis-specific protein 6
  A G-protein coupled receptor 64
  A e6
  A ADGRG2
obo:PR_000032234
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRG4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRG4
  A G-protein coupled receptor 112
  A GPR112
obo:PR_000031936
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRG5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRG5
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR27
  A G-protein coupled receptor 114
  A GPR114
obo:PR_000029514
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRG6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A developmentally regulated G-protein-coupled receptor
  A GPR126
  A vascular inducible G protein-coupled receptor
  A ADGRG6
  A G-protein coupled receptor 126
obo:PR_000029515
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRG7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR128
  A G-protein coupled receptor 128
  A ADGRG7
obo:PR_000008191
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRV1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Usher syndrome type-2C protein
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98
  A monogenic audiogenic seizure susceptibility protein 1 homolog
  A very large G-protein coupled receptor 1
  A GPR98
  A monogenic audiogenic seizure susceptibility protein 1
  A ADGRV1
  A neurepin
obo:PR_000005318
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CELSR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CELSR1
  A flamingo homolog 2
  A cadherin family member 9
obo:PR_000005319
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CELSR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EGF-like protein 2
  A cadherin family member 10
  A epidermal growth factor-like protein 2
  A flamingo homolog
  A flamingo homolog 3
  A CELSR2
  A multiple epidermal growth factor-like domains protein 3
  A multiple EGF-like domains protein 3
obo:PR_000005320
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CELSR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A flamingo homolog 1
  A multiple EGF-like domains protein 2
  A cadherin family member 11
  A Fmi1
  A multiple epidermal growth factor-like domains protein 2
  A CELSR3
  A epidermal growth factor-like protein 1
  A EGF-like protein 1
obo:PR_000001124
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor whose active form binds alpha-latrotoxin, an excitatory neurotoxin present in black widow spider venom."
  A latrophilin
obo:PR_000001311
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRE5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CD97 antigen
  A ADGRE5
  A leukocyte antigen CD97
obo:PR_Q91ZV8
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor A2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 124 (mouse)
  A tumor endothelial marker 5 (mouse)
  A mADGRA2
obo:PR_E7FBY6
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor A2 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 124 (zebrafish)
  A z-ADGRA2
obo:PR_Q8IWK6
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor A3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 125 (human)
  A hADGRA3
obo:PR_Q7TT36
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor A3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADGRA3
  A G-protein coupled receptor 125 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8IWK6-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor A3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IWK6-1."
  A hADGRA3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8IWK6-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor A3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IWK6-2."
  A hADGRA3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8IWK6-3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor A3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IWK6-3."
  A hADGRA3/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q8IWK6-4
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor A3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IWK6-4."
  A hADGRA3/iso:h4
obo:PR_O14514
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor B1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 1 (human)
  A hADGRB1
obo:PR_Q3UHD1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor B1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADGRB1
  A brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q3UHD1-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor B1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UHD1-1."
  A mADGRB1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q3UHD1-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor B1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UHD1-2."
  A mADGRB1/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q80ZF8
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor B3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADGRB3
  A brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 3 (mouse)
obo:PR_000038227
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor B3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O60242-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRB3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q80ZF8-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor B3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADGRB3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q14246
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A EGF-like module receptor 1 (human)
  A EGF-like module-containing mucin-like hormone receptor-like 1 (human)
  A EMR1 hormone receptor (human)
  A hADGRE1
obo:PR_Q61549
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A EGF-like module receptor 1 (mouse)
  A EMR1 hormone receptor (mouse)
  A cell surface glycoprotein F4/80 (mouse)
  A EGF-like module-containing mucin-like hormone receptor-like 1 (mouse)
  A mADGRE1
obo:PR_Q14246-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14246-1."
  A hADGRE1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q14246-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14246-2."
  A hADGRE1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q14246-3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14246-3."
  A hADGRE1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q14246-4
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14246-4."
  A hADGRE1/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q14246-5
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14246-5."
  A hADGRE1/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q9BY15
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A EGF-like module receptor 3 (human)
  A hADGRE3
  A EGF-like module-containing mucin-like hormone receptor-like 3 (human)
obo:PR_Q9BY15-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BY15-1."
  A hADGRE3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9BY15-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BY15-2."
  A hADGRE3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9BY15-3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor E3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9BY15-3."
  A hADGRE3/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q8IZF3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor F4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 115 (human)
  A hADGRF4
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR18 (human)
obo:PR_Q8IZF2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor F5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 116 (human)
  A hADGRF5
obo:PR_G5E8Q8
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor F5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 116 (mouse)
  A mADGRF5
obo:PR_Q8IZF2-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor F5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IZF2-1."
  A hADGRF5/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8IZF2-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor F5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IZF2-2."
  A hADGRF5/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8IZF2-3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor F5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IZF2-3."
  A hADGRF5/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q7Z7M1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor D2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADGRD2
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR24 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 144 (human)
obo:PR_Q5T601
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 110 (human)
  A G protein-coupled receptor KPG_012 (human)
  A G protein-coupled receptor PGR19 (human)
  A hADGRF1
  A G protein-coupled receptor 110 (human)
obo:PR_Q8VEC3
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A G protein-coupled receptor 110 (mouse)
  A mADGRF1
obo:PR_G5EDW2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A ADGRF1 (worm)
obo:PR_Q5T601-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T601-1."
  A hADGRF1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5T601-2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T601-2."
  A hADGRF1/iso:h2
obo:PR_G5EDW2-1
  D "A latrophilin-like protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EDW2-1."
  A ADGRF1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_G5EDW2-2
  D "A latrophilin-like protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EDW2-2."
  A ADGRF1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_G5EDW2-3
  D "A latrophilin-like protein 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:G5EDW2-3."
  A ADGRF1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q8IZF7
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR20 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 111 (human)
  A hADGRF2
obo:PR_Q8IZF7-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IZF7-1."
  A hADGRF2/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8IZF7-2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IZF7-2."
  A hADGRF2/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8IZF5
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADGRF3
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR23 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 113 (human)
obo:PR_Q8IZF5-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IZF5-1."
  A hADGRF3/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8IZF5-2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IZF5-2."
  A hADGRF3/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q8IZF5-3
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor F3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8IZF5-3."
  A hADGRF3/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9Y653
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADGRG1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 56 (human)
  A protein TM7XN1 (human)
obo:PR_000044273
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y653-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRG1/iso:S1
obo:PR_000020055
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A ADGRG1/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q9Y653-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y653-1."
  A hADGRG1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9Y653-3
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y653-3."
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 isoform S2 (human)
  A hADGRG1/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q9Y653-4
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y653-4."
  A hADGRG1/iso:h4
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 isoform S3 (human)
obo:PR_Q9Y653-5
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Y653-5."
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 isoform S4 (human)
  A hADGRG1/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q9Y653-2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 isoform S1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 56 isoform 2 (human)
  A hADGRG1/iso:S1
obo:PR_Q8K3V3-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G1 isoform S1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADGRG1/iso:S1
obo:PR_Q8CJ12
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 64 (mouse)
  A mouse epididymis-specific protein 6
  A mADGRG2
  A Me6 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8CJ11
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADGRG2
  A Rat epididymis-specific protein 6 (rat)
  A Re6 (rat)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 64 (rat)
obo:PR_Q8CJ12-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CJ12-1."
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 isoform Long (mouse)
  A mADGRG2/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8CJ12-2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CJ12-2."
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 isoform d2 (mouse)
  A mADGRG2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q8CJ12-3
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CJ12-3."
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 isoform d1 (mouse)
  A mADGRG2/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8CJ12-4
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CJ12-4."
  A mADGRG2/iso:m4
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 isoform d3 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8CJ12-5
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CJ12-5."
  A mADGRG2/iso:m5
obo:PR_Q8CJ11-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CJ11-1."
  A rADGRG2/iso:r1
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 isoform Long (rat)
obo:PR_Q8CJ11-2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CJ11-2."
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 isoform d2 (rat)
  A rADGRG2/iso:r2
obo:PR_Q8CJ11-3
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8CJ11-3."
  A adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G2 isoform d1 (rat)
  A rADGRG2/iso:r3
obo:PR_Q3V3Z3
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADGRG5
  A G-protein coupled receptor 114 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR27 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q3V3Z3-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3V3Z3-1."
  A mADGRG5/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q3V3Z3-2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3V3Z3-2."
  A mADGRG5/iso:m2
obo:PR_C6KFA3
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G6 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-ADGRG6
  A G-protein coupled receptor 126 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_Q96K78
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G7 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 128 (human)
  A hADGRG7
obo:PR_Q8BM96
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor G7 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 128 (mouse)
  A mADGRG7
obo:PR_Q8VHN7
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor V1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGpr98
  A mAdgrv1
  A neurepin (mouse)
  A VLGR1 (mouse)
  A monogenic audiogenic seizure susceptibility protein 1 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98 (mouse)
  A ADGRV1 (mouse)
  A very large G-protein coupled receptor 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q6JAN0
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor V1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A very large G-protein coupled receptor 1 (zebrafish)
  A monogenic audiogenic seizure susceptibility protein 1 homolog (zebrafish)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98 (zebrafish)
  A z-ADGRV1
obo:PR_Q8VHN7-1
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor V1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VHN7-1."
  A mADGRV1/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q8VHN7-2
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor V1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VHN7-2."
  A mADGRV1/iso:m2
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98 isoform Mass1.2 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8VHN7-3
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor V1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VHN7-3."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98 isoform Mass1.3 (mouse)
  A mADGRV1/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q8VHN7-4
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor V1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VHN7-4."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98 isoform Neurepin-2 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98 isoform Vlgr1e (mouse)
  A mADGRV1/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q8VHN7-5
  D "An adhesion G-protein coupled receptor V1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8VHN7-5."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98 isoform Vlgr1d (mouse)
  A mADGRV1/iso:m5
  A G-protein coupled receptor 98 isoform Neurepin-1 (mouse)
obo:PR_O35161
  D "A cadherin EGF LAG seven-pass G-type receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCELSR1
obo:PR_Q9HCU4
  D "A cadherin EGF LAG seven-pass G-type receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A cadherin family member 10 (human)
  A hCELSR2
  A epidermal growth factor-like protein 2 (human)
  A multiple epidermal growth factor-like domains protein 3 (human)
  A EGF-like protein 2 (human)
  A multiple EGF-like domains protein 3 (human)
  A flamingo homolog 3 (human)
obo:PR_Q9R0M0
  D "A cadherin EGF LAG seven-pass G-type receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCELSR2
  A flamingo homolog (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9R0M0-1
  D "A cadherin EGF LAG seven-pass G-type receptor 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9R0M0-1."
  A mCELSR2/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q9R0M0-2
  D "A cadherin EGF LAG seven-pass G-type receptor 2 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9R0M0-2."
  A mCELSR2/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q91ZI0
  D "A cadherin EGF LAG seven-pass G-type receptor 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCELSR3
obo:PR_O88278
  D "A cadherin EGF LAG seven-pass G-type receptor 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A multiple epidermal growth factor-like domains protein 2 (rat)
  A multiple EGF-like domains protein 2 (rat)
  A rCELSR3
obo:PR_000001233
  D "A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRL1
  A LPHN1
  A latrophilin-1
  A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor 1
  A lectomedin-2
  A CIRL-1
obo:PR_000001234
  D "A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A latrophilin homolog 1
  A latrophilin-2
  A lectomedin-1
  A LPHN2
  A ADGRL2
  A CIRL-2
  A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor 2
obo:PR_000001235
  D "A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A latrophilin-3
  A CIRL-3
  A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor 3
  A lectomedin-3
  A ADGRL3
  A LPHN3
obo:PR_000007047
  D "A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor that is a translation product of the human ADGRL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ELTD1
  A EGF, latrophilin and seven transmembrane domain-containing protein 1
  A EGF-TM7-latrophilin-related protein
  A ETL protein
  A ADGRL4
obo:PR_O94910
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADGRL1
  A latrophilin-1 (human)
  A lectomedin-2 (human)
  A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor 1 (human)
  A CIRL-1 (human)
obo:PR_O88917
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADGRL1
  A CIRL-1 (rat)
  A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor 1 (rat)
  A latrophilin-1 (rat)
obo:PR_000001263
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O88917-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CL1BB
  A ADGRL1/iso:1
obo:PR_000001264
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O88917-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRL1/iso:2
obo:PR_000001265
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O88917-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRL1/iso:3
obo:PR_000001266
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O88917-4 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADGRL1/iso:4
obo:PR_000029939
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Ser-1369 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TR1. Example: UniProtKB:Q80TR1, Ser-1369, MOD:00046."
  A ADGRL1/Phos:1
obo:PR_000026614
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A ADGRL1/SigPep-
obo:PR_O94910-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O94910-1."
  A hADGRL1/iso:h1
obo:PR_O94910-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O94910-2."
  A hADGRL1/iso:h2
obo:PR_O88917-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADGRL1/iso:1
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform CL1BB (rat)
obo:PR_O88917-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADGRL1/iso:2
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform CL1AA (rat)
obo:PR_O88917-3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform CL1AB (rat)
  A rADGRL1/iso:3
obo:PR_O88917-4
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform CL1BA (rat)
  A rADGRL1/iso:4
obo:PR_000021918
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 4 that has had the signal peptide removed. Example: UniProtKB:O88917-4, 25-1515."
  A ADGRL1/iso:4/SigPep-
obo:PR_000001274
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 4, signal peptide removed form that is the N-terminal product of the cleavage upstream of a Thr residue within the GPS domain, corresponding to Thr-838 in the rat sequence UniProtKB:O88917-4. This form remains non-covalently bound to the C-terminal product. Example: UniProtKB:O88917-4, 25-837."
  A ADGRL1/iso:4/Clv:1
obo:PR_000001275
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 4, signal peptide removed form that is the C-terminal product of the cleavage upstream of a Thr residue within the GPS domain, corresponding to Thr-838 in the rat sequence UniProtKB:O88917-4. Example: UniProtKB:O88917-4, 838-1471."
  A ADGRL1/iso:4/Clv:2
obo:PR_000036603
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 4 cleaved 1 in rat. UniProtKB:O88917-4, 25-837."
  A UniProtKB:O88917-4, 25-837
  A rADGRL1/iso:4/Clv:1
obo:PR_000036604
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 4 cleaved 2 in rat. UniProtKB:O88917-4, 838-1471."
  A rADGRL1/iso:4/Clv:2
  A UniProtKB:O88917-4, 838-1471
obo:PR_000029940
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 phosphorylated 1 in mouse. UniProtKB:Q80TR1, Ser-1369, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:Q80TR1, Ser-1369, MOD:00046
  A mADGRL1/Phos:1
obo:PR_000026615
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L1 isoform 1 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A ADGRL1/iso:1/SigPep-
obo:PR_O95490
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CIRL-2 (human)
  A lectomedin-1 (human)
  A latrophilin homolog 1 (human)
  A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor 2 (human)
  A hADGRL2
  A latrophilin-2 (human)
obo:PR_O95490-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95490-1."
  A hADGRL2/iso:h1
obo:PR_O95490-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95490-2."
  A hADGRL2/iso:h2
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 isoform Lectomedin-1 gamma (human)
obo:PR_O95490-3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95490-3."
  A hADGRL2/iso:h3
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 isoform Lectomedin-1 beta (human)
obo:PR_O95490-4
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95490-4."
  A hADGRL2/iso:h4
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 isoform Lectomedin-1 alpha (human)
obo:PR_O95490-5
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95490-5."
  A hADGRL2/iso:h5
obo:PR_O95490-6
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95490-6."
  A hADGRL2/iso:h6
obo:PR_O95490-7
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L2 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O95490-7."
  A hADGRL2/iso:h7
obo:PR_Q80TS3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A lectomedin-3 (mouse)
  A mADGRL3
  A latrophilin-3 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9Z173
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A latrophilin-3 (rat)
  A rADGRL3
  A calcium-independent alpha-latrotoxin receptor 3 (rat)
  A CIRL-3 (rat)
obo:PR_000029941
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Thr-1535 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TS3. Example: UniProtKB:Q80TS3, Thr-1535, MOD:00047."
  A ADGRL3/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q80TS3-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TS3-1."
  A mADGRL3/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q80TS3-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TS3-2."
  A mADGRL3/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q80TS3-3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TS3-3."
  A mADGRL3/iso:m3
obo:PR_Q80TS3-4
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TS3-4."
  A mADGRL3/iso:m4
obo:PR_Q80TS3-5
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TS3-5."
  A mADGRL3/iso:m5
obo:PR_Q80TS3-6
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80TS3-6."
  A mADGRL3/iso:m6
obo:PR_000029942
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 phosphorylated 1 in mouse. UniProtKB:Q80TS3, Thr-1535, MOD:00047."
  A mADGRL3/Phos:1
  A UniProtKB:Q80TS3, Thr-1535, MOD:00047
obo:PR_Q9Z173-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Z173-1."
  A rADGRL3/iso:r1
obo:PR_Q9Z173-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Z173-2."
  A rADGRL3/iso:r2
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 isoform CL3AA (rat)
obo:PR_Q9Z173-3
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Z173-3."
  A rADGRL3/iso:r3
obo:PR_Q9Z173-4
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Z173-4."
  A rADGRL3/iso:r4
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 isoform CL3BB (rat)
obo:PR_Q9Z173-5
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Z173-5."
  A rADGRL3/iso:r5
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 isoform CL3AB (rat)
obo:PR_Q9Z173-6
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Z173-6."
  A rADGRL3/iso:r6
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 isoform CL3BC (rat)
obo:PR_Q9Z173-7
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9Z173-7."
  A adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 isoform CL3AC (rat)
  A rADGRL3/iso:r7
obo:PR_Q9HBW9
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADGRL4
  A EGF-TM7-latrophilin-related protein (human)
  A ETL protein (human)
  A EGF, latrophilin and seven transmembrane domain-containing protein 1 (human)
obo:PR_Q923X1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A EGF, latrophilin seven transmembrane domain-containing protein 1 (mouse)
  A mADGRL4
obo:PR_Q9ESC1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A EGF,latrophilin and seven transmembrane domain-containing protein 1 (rat)
  A ETL protein (rat)
  A EGF-TM7-latrophilin-related protein (rat)
  A rADGRL4
obo:PR_Q9ESC1-1
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L4 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9ESC1-1."
  A rADGRL4/iso:r1
obo:PR_Q9ESC1-2
  D "An adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L4 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9ESC1-2."
  A rADGRL4/iso:r2
obo:PR_P48960
  D "A CD97 molecule that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADGRE5
  A leukocyte antigen CD97 (human)
obo:PR_P48960-1
  D "A CD97 antigen (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48960-1."
  A CD97 antigen isoform EGF(1,2,3,4,5) (human)
  A hADGRE5/iso:h1
obo:PR_P48960-2
  D "A CD97 antigen (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48960-2."
  A hADGRE5/iso:h2
  A CD97 antigen isoform EGF(1,2,5) (human)
obo:PR_P48960-3
  D "A CD97 antigen (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48960-3."
  A CD97 antigen isoform EGF(1,2,3,5) (human)
  A hADGRE5/iso:h3
obo:PR_000046657
  D "A CD97 antigen (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P48960, 21-835."
  A UniProtKB:P48960, 21-835
  A hADGRE5/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000012868
obo:PR_Q5NUL3
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor GT01 (human)
  A hFFAR4
  A G-protein coupled receptor 120 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR4 (human)
  A omega-3 fatty acid receptor 1 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 129 (human)
obo:PR_Q7TMA4
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFFAR4
  A omega-3 fatty acid receptor 1 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 120 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor GT01 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q2AC31
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFFAR4
  A G-protein coupled receptor 120 (rat)
  A omega-3 fatty acid receptor 1 (rat)
obo:PR_000040949
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5NUL3-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FFAR4/iso:2
obo:PR_Q5NUL3-1
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5NUL3-1."
  A hFFAR4/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q7TMA4-1
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 4 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFFAR4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q2AC31-1
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 4 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFFAR4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5NUL3-2
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 4 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFFAR4/iso:2
obo:PR_000007718
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Fz1
  A FZD1
  A FzE1
  A Fz-1
obo:PR_000001453
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FzE7
  A Fz-10
  A FZD10
  A CD350
obo:PR_000007719
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FZD2
  A FzE2
  A Fz2
  A mFz10
  A Fz-2
obo:PR_000007720
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Fz3
  A Fz-3
  A FZD3
obo:PR_000001454
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Fz-4
  A CD344
  A FZD4
  A FzE4
  A Fz4
obo:PR_000007721
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Fz5
  A FzE5
  A Fz-5
  A FZD5
obo:PR_000007722
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Fz-6
  A FZD6
  A Fz6
obo:PR_000007723
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FzE3
  A Fz7
  A Fz-7
  A FZD7
obo:PR_000007724
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FZD8
  A Fz8
  A Fz-8
obo:PR_000001455
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FZD9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CD349
  A Fz-9
  A Fz9
  A FZD9
  A FzE6
obo:PR_000015288
  D "A frizzled-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human SMO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein Gx
  A SMO
obo:PR_Q9ULW2
  D "A frizzled-10 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFZD10
  A hFz10
  A CD350 (human)
  A FzE7 (human)
  A Fz-10 (human)
obo:PR_000047470
  D "A frizzled-10 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9ULW2, 21-581."
  A UniProtKB:Q9ULW2, 21-581
  A hFZD10/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000013005
obo:PR_Q9NPG1
  D "A frizzled-3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFZD3
  A Fz-3 (human)
  A hFz3
obo:PR_Q61086
  D "A frizzled-3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFZD3
  A Fz-3 (mouse)
obo:PR_000043476
  D "A frizzled-3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NPG1-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FZD3/iso:1
obo:PR_000019950
  D "A frizzled-3 that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A FZD3/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q9NPG1-2
  D "A frizzled-3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NPG1-2."
  A hFZD3/iso:Short
  A frizzled-3 isoform FZD3deltaC (human)
obo:PR_Q61086-1
  D "A frizzled-3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFZD3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9NPG1-1
  D "A frizzled-3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFZD3/iso:Long
obo:PR_000047472
  D "A frizzled-3 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9NPG1, 23-666."
  A PRO_0000012982
  A UniProtKB:Q9NPG1, 23-666
  A hFZD3/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q9IA05
  D "A frizzled-4 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A Fz-4 (chicken)
  A chick-FZD4
  A cFz-4 (chicken)
obo:PR_Q9ULV1
  D "A frizzled-4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFz4
  A FzE4 (human)
  A hFZD4
  A Fz-4 (human)
  A CD344 (human)
obo:PR_Q61088
  D "A frizzled-4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CD344 (mouse)
  A mFZD4
  A Fz-4 (mouse)
  A mFz4
obo:PR_Q9QZH0
  D "A frizzled-4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A CD344 (rat)
  A Fz-4 (rat)
  A rFz4
  A rFZD4
obo:PR_000044007
  D "A frizzled-4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9ULV1-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FZD4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9ULV1-1
  D "A frizzled-4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFZD4/iso:1
obo:PR_000047473
  D "A frizzled-4 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q9ULV1, 37-537."
  A PRO_0000012985
  A hFZD4/SigPep-
  A UniProtKB:Q9ULV1, 37-537
obo:PR_Q61088-1
  D "A frizzled-4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFZD4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9EQD0
  D "A frizzled-5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A Fz-5 (mouse)
  A mFZD5
  A mFz5
obo:PR_Q8CHL0
  D "A frizzled-5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFZD5
  A Fz-5 (rat)
obo:PR_000040435
  D "A frizzled-5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13467-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FZD5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9EQD0-1
  D "A frizzled-5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFZD5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8CHL0-1
  D "A frizzled-5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFZD5/iso:1
obo:PR_Q61089
  D "A frizzled-6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFZD6
  A Fz-6 (mouse)
  A mFz6
obo:PR_Q61090
  D "A frizzled-7 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A Fz-7 (mouse)
  A mFZD7
  A mFz7
obo:PR_Q61091
  D "A frizzled-8 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFZD8
  A mFz8
  A Fz-8 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q498S8
  D "A frizzled-8 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFZD8
  A Fz-8 (rat)
obo:PR_Q9R216
  D "A frizzled-9 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mFz9
  A mFZD9
  A CD349 (mouse)
  A Fz-9 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8K4C8
  D "A frizzled-9 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFz9
  A frizzled-like protein 9 (rat)
  A rFZD9
obo:PR_P91682
  D "A smoothened that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-SMO
  A smooth (fruit fly)
  A SMOH (fruit fly)
  A dSMO
obo:PR_P56726
  D "A smoothened that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mSMO
  A SMO (mouse)
obo:PR_000039833
  D "A smoothened that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P56726-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SMO/iso:1
obo:PR_P56726-1
  D "A smoothened isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mSMO/iso:1
obo:PR_P70259
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 143 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A MOA1 (mouse)
  A mGPR143
  A ocular albinism type 1 protein homolog (mouse)
obo:PR_Q8C206
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 157 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPR157
obo:PR_000041633
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 157 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8C206-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR157/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8C206-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 157 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPR157/iso:1
obo:PR_000031453
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR156 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GABAB-related G-protein coupled receptor
  A GPR156
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR28
obo:PR_000030349
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR158 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR158
obo:PR_000031583
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR179 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR179
  A GPR158-like
  A probable G-protein coupled receptor 158-like 1
obo:PR_000008195
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPRC5B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A retinoic acid-induced gene 2 protein
  A A-69G12.1
  A RAIG-2
  A GPRC5B
obo:PR_000008196
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPRC5C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A retinoic acid-induced gene 3 protein
  A RAIG-3
  A GPRC5C
obo:PR_000008197
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPRC5D gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPRC5D
obo:PR_000008198
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPRC6A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPRC6A
  A GPCR33
  A G-protein coupled receptor GPCR33
obo:PR_000049986
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GABBR1 or GABBR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000050003
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GRM1 to GRM8 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000008194
  D "A glutamate G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPRC5A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RAIG-1
  A orphan G-protein-coupling receptor PEIG-1
  A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member A
  A retinoic acid-induced gene 1 protein
  A GPRC5A
obo:PR_Q8NFN8
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 156 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR28 (human)
  A GABAB-related G-protein coupled receptor (human)
  A hGPR156
obo:PR_Q8K451
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 156 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGPR156
  A GABAB-related G-protein coupled receptor (rat)
obo:PR_Q8NFN8-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 156 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NFN8-1."
  A hGPR156/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q8NFN8-2
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 156 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8NFN8-2."
  A hGPR156/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5T848
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 158 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPR158
obo:PR_D4A6L0
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 158 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGPR158
obo:PR_Q6PRD1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 179 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A GPR158-like (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 158-like 1 (human)
  A hGPR179
obo:PR_Q9NZH0
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A RAIG-2 (human)
  A hGPRC5B
  A A-69G12.1 (human)
  A retinoic acid-induced gene 2 protein (human)
obo:PR_Q923Z0
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A RAIG-2 (mouse)
  A mGPRC5B
  A retinoic acid-induced gene 2 protein (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9NZH0-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NZH0-1."
  A hGPRC5B/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9NZH0-2
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member B (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NZH0-2."
  A hGPRC5B/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q923Z0-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member B (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q923Z0-1."
  A mGPRC5B/iso:m1
obo:PR_D2DFA9
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member B (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:D2DFA9."
  A mGPRC5B/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q9NQ84
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member C that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A RAIG-3 (human)
  A hGPRC5C
  A retinoic acid-induced gene 3 protein (human)
obo:PR_Q9NQ84-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member C (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NQ84-1."
  A hGPRC5C/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9NQ84-2
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member C (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NQ84-2."
  A hGPRC5C/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9NZD1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member D that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPRC5D
obo:PR_000043682
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member D that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NZD1-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPRC5D/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9NZD1-2
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member D isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPRC5D/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9NZD1-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member D (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NZD1-1."
  A hGPRC5D/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9NZD1-3
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member D (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NZD1-3."
  A hGPRC5D/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q5T6X5
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 6 member A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPRC6A
  A hGPCR33
  A G-protein coupled receptor GPCR33 (human)
obo:PR_Q5U9X3
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 6 member A that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-GPRC6A
  A odorant receptor ZO6 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000041798
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 6 member A that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K4Z6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPRC6A/iso:1
obo:PR_Q5T6X5-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 6 member A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T6X5-1."
  A hGPRC6A/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5T6X5-2
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 6 member A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T6X5-2."
  A hGPRC6A/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5T6X5-3
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 6 member A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5T6X5-3."
  A hGPRC6A/iso:h3
obo:PR_000047603
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 6 member A (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q5T6X5, 19-926."
  A PRO_0000043196
  A hGPRC6A/SigPep-
  A UniProtKB:Q5T6X5, 19-926
obo:PR_Q8K4Z6-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 6 member A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPRC6A/iso:1
obo:PR_000007761
  D "A GABA(B) receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GABBR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GABBR1
  A GABABR1
  A Gb1
  A GABA-B-R1
  A GABA-BR1
  A GABA-B receptor 1
obo:PR_000007762
  D "A GABA(B) receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GABBR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GABA-B-R2
  A HG20
  A GABBR2
  A Gb2
  A GABA-B receptor 2
  A G-protein coupled receptor 51
  A GABA-BR2
  A GABABR2
obo:PR_Q9WV18
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A GABA-B-R1 (mouse)
  A GABABR1 (mouse)
  A GABA-BR1 (mouse)
  A GABA-B receptor 1 (mouse)
  A Gb1 (mouse)
  A mGABBR1
obo:PR_H2L0Q3
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A GABBR1 (worm)
obo:PR_000044080
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9WV18-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GABBR1/iso:1A
obo:PR_000043839
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UBS5-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 isoform 2
  A GABBR1 isoform 2
  A GABBR1/iso:1B
obo:PR_000030036
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Thr-929 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9WV18. Example: UniProtKB:Q9WV18, Thr-929, MOD:00047."
  A GABBR1/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q9WV18-1
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 isoform 1A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGABBR1/iso:1A
obo:PR_H2L0Q3-2
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L0Q3-2."
  A GABBR1/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_H2L0Q3-1
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L0Q3-1."
  A GABBR1/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_H2L0Q3-3
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L0Q3-3."
  A GABBR1/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_H2L0Q3-4
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:H2L0Q3-4."
  A GABBR1/iso:e (worm)
obo:PR_Q9UBS5-2
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 isoform 1B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGABBR1/iso:1B
obo:PR_Q9WV18-2
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 isoform 1B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGABBR1/iso:1B
obo:PR_Q9Z0U4-3
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 isoform 1B that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGABBR1/iso:1B
obo:PR_000030037
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 1 phosphorylated 1 in mouse. UniProtKB:Q9WV18, Thr-929, MOD:00047."
  A mGABBR1/Phos:1
  A UniProtKB:Q9WV18, Thr-929, MOD:00047
obo:PR_O75899
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A GABA-BR2 (human)
  A Gb2 (human)
  A HG20 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 51 (human)
  A hGABBR2
  A GABABR2 (human)
  A GABA-B-R2 (human)
  A GABA-B receptor 2 (human)
obo:PR_Q80T41
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A GABA-B-R2 (mouse)
  A GABABR2 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 51 (mouse)
  A GABA-B receptor 2 (mouse)
  A Gb2 (mouse)
  A mGABBR2
  A GABA-BR2 (mouse)
obo:PR_G5ECB2
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 2 that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A GABBR2 (worm)
obo:PR_000041439
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80T41-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GABBR2/iso:1
obo:PR_000047490
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 2 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:O75899, 42-941."
  A PRO_0000012952
  A UniProtKB:O75899, 42-941
  A hGABBR2/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q80T41-1
  D "A gamma-aminobutyric acid type B receptor subunit 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGABBR2/iso:1
obo:PR_000008263
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GRM1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mGluR1
  A GRM1
obo:PR_000008264
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GRM2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mGluR2
  A GRM2
obo:PR_000008265
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GRM3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mGluR3
  A GRM3
obo:PR_000008266
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GRM4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM4
  A mGluR4
obo:PR_000008267
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GRM5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM5
  A mGluR5
obo:PR_000008268
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GRM6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mGluR6
  A GRM6
obo:PR_000008269
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GRM7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM7
  A mGluR7
obo:PR_000008270
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor protein that is a translation product of the human GRM8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mGluR8
  A GRM8
obo:PR_P97772
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRM1
  A mGluR1
obo:PR_P23385
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGRM1
  A mGluR1 (rat)
obo:PR_000040404
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13255-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM1/iso:2
obo:PR_P97772-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97772-1."
  A mGRM1/iso:m1
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 isoform A (mouse)
obo:PR_P97772-3
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97772-3."
  A mGRM1/iso:m3
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 isoform E55 (mouse)
obo:PR_P23385-2
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGRM1/iso:1B
obo:PR_P23385-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P23385-1."
  A rGRM1/iso:r1A
obo:PR_P23385-3
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P23385-3."
  A rGRM1/iso:r1C
obo:PR_P97772-2
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRM1/iso:2
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 isoform B (mouse)
obo:PR_Q13255-2
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGRM1/iso:Beta
obo:PR_Q14416
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGRM2
obo:PR_000040528
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14416-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM2/iso:1
obo:PR_000047626
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 2 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q14416, 19-872."
  A UniProtKB:Q14416, 19-872
  A PRO_0000012925
  A hGRM2/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q14416-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGRM2/iso:1
obo:PR_P31421-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGRM2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9QYS2
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRM3
  A mGluR3
obo:PR_000040549
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14832-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9QYS2-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRM3/iso:1
obo:PR_P41594
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGRM5
obo:PR_Q3UVX5
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRM5
  A mGluR5 (mouse)
obo:PR_000040849
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UVX5-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM5/iso:1
obo:PR_P41594-2
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41594-2."
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 isoform 5a (human)
  A hGRM5/iso:h1
obo:PR_P41594-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41594-1."
  A hGRM5/iso:h2
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 isoform 5b (human)
obo:PR_P41594-3
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41594-3."
  A hGRM5/iso:h3
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 isoform 5d (human)
obo:PR_Q3UVX5-2
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q3UVX5-2."
  A mGRM5/iso:m2
obo:PR_Q3UVX5-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRM5/iso:1
obo:PR_P31424-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGRM5/iso:2
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 isoform 5b (rat)
obo:PR_O15303
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGRM6
obo:PR_Q5NCH9
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGluR6
  A mGRM6
obo:PR_000047629
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 6 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:O15303, 25-877."
  A hGRM6/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000012934
  A UniProtKB:O15303, 25-877
obo:PR_000040548
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 7 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q14831-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM7/iso:1
obo:PR_000030058
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 7 that has been phosphorylated at the position equivalent to Ser-900 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q68ED2. Example: UniProtKB:Q68ED2, Ser-900, MOD:00046."
  A GRM7/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q14831-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 7 isoform GRM7_v1 (human)
  A hGRM7/iso:1
  A metabotropic glutamate receptor 7 isoform mGluR7a (human)
obo:PR_Q68ED2-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRM7/iso:1
obo:PR_000030059
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 7 phosphorylated 1 in mouse. UniProtKB:Q68ED2, Ser-900, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:Q68ED2, Ser-900, MOD:00046
  A mGRM7/Phos:1
obo:PR_P70579
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 8 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGRM8
  A mGluR8 (rat)
obo:PR_000037906
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 8 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O00222-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRM8/iso:1
obo:PR_P47743-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 8 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGRM8/iso:1
obo:PR_P70579-1
  D "A metabotropic glutamate receptor 8 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGRM8/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8NFJ5
  D "A retinoic acid-induced protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPRC5A
  A PEIG-1 (human)
  A RAIG-1 (human)
  A phorbol ester induced gene 1 (human)
  A retinoic acid-induced gene 1 protein (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member A (human)
obo:PR_Q8BHL4
  D "A retinoic acid-induced protein 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A RAIG-1 (mouse)
  A retinoic acid-induced gene 1 protein (mouse)
  A mGPRC5A
  A G-protein coupled receptor family C group 5 member A (mouse)
obo:PR_Q96N19
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A transmembrane 7 superfamily member 1-like 1 protein (human)
  A hGPR137
obo:PR_Q80ZU9
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A transmembrane 7 superfamily member 1-like 1 protein (mouse)
  A mGPR137
obo:PR_000042617
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96N19-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR137/iso:2
obo:PR_Q96N19-2
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPR137/iso:2
obo:PR_Q96N19-1
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96N19-1."
  A hGPR137/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q96N19-3
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96N19-3."
  A hGPR137/iso:h3
obo:PR_Q96N19-4
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96N19-4."
  A hGPR137/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q96N19-5
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96N19-5."
  A hGPR137/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q80ZU9-1
  D "An integral membrane protein GPR137 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPR137/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6W5P4
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hNPSR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR14 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor for asthma susceptibility (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 154 (human)
obo:PR_Q8BZP8
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mNPSR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR14 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 154 (mouse)
obo:PR_000041278
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NPSR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-1
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A neuropeptide S receptor isoform Isoform A (human)
  A hNPSR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-2
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-2."
  A neuropeptide S receptor isoform Isoform F (human)
  A hNPSR1/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-3
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-3."
  A hNPSR1/iso:h3
  A neuropeptide S receptor isoform Isoform G (human)
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-4
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-4."
  A neuropeptide S receptor isoform Isoform B long form (human)
  A hNPSR1/iso:h4
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-5
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-5."
  A neuropeptide S receptor isoform Isoform B short form (human)
  A hNPSR1/iso:h5
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-6
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-6."
  A hNPSR1/iso:h6
  A neuropeptide S receptor isoform Isoform D (human)
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-7
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-7."
  A hNPSR1/iso:h7
  A neuropeptide S receptor isoform Isoform E (human)
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-8
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-8."
  A hNPSR1/iso:h8
obo:PR_Q6W5P4-9
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6W5P4-9."
  A neuropeptide S receptor isoform Isoform C (human)
  A hNPSR1/iso:h9
obo:PR_Q8BZP8-1
  D "A neuropeptide S receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mNPSR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9W366
  D "A protein GPR107 that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-GPR107
  A RE59932p (fruit fly)
obo:PR_Q5VW38
  D "A protein GPR107 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A lung seven transmembrane receptor 1 (human)
  A hGPR107
obo:PR_Q8BUV8
  D "A protein GPR107 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPR107
obo:PR_Q5VW38-1
  D "A protein GPR107 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5VW38-1."
  A hGPR107/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q5VW38-2
  D "A protein GPR107 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5VW38-2."
  A hGPR107/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q5VW38-3
  D "A protein GPR107 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q5VW38-3."
  A hGPR107/iso:h3
obo:PR_000001527
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR31 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR31
obo:PR_000001097
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human OXGR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is 2-oxoglutarate (alpha-ketoglutarate)."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 80
  A P2Y-like nucleotide receptor
  A P2Y15
  A P2Y purinoceptor 15
  A alpha-ketoglutarate receptor 1
  A P2Y-like GPCR
  A OXGR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 99
obo:PR_000044625
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human HTR1A, HTR1B, HTR1D, HTR1E, HTR1F, HTR2A, HTR2B, HTR2C, HTR4, HTR5A, HTR5B, HTR6, or HTR7 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001439
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADORA1, ADORA2A, ADORA2B, or ADORA3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds adenosine."
obo:PR_000044631
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRA1A, ADRA1B, ADRA1D, ADRA2A, ADRA2B, ADRA2C, ADRB1, ADRB2, or ADRB3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001118
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human AGTR1 or AGTR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds angiotensin II."
  A fam:AGTR
  A angiotensin receptor
obo:PR_000001119
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human OPN1LW, OPN1MW, OPN1SW, RHO, OPN3, OPN4, or OPN5 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof in Metazoa. The active form binds a vitamin A-based retinaldehyde chromophore through a Schiff base linkage to a Lys residue in the seventh transmembrane alpha helix."
  A type II opsin
  A opsin receptor
obo:PR_000001120
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human APLNR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is apelin."
  A G-protein coupled receptor HG11
  A G-protein coupled receptor APJ
  A angiotensin receptor-like 1
  A APLNR
obo:PR_000001122
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human NMBR, GRPR, or BRS3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds bombesin (a 14 amino acid peptide originally isolated from the skin of a frog) or its homologs. Mammalian homologs of bombesin include gastrin-releasing peptide and neuromedin-B."
obo:PR_000001123
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human BDKRB1 or BDKRB2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds bradykinin."
obo:PR_000044637
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CALCR or CALCRL genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000044639
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CNR1 or CNR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000044640
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CMKLR1 or GPR1 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001128
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that in active form binds to one or more chemokines."
obo:PR_000001130
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CCKAR or CCKBR genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds cholecystokinin (CCK)."
  A fam:CCK_R
obo:PR_000044643
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human C3AR1, C5AR1, or C5AR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000044633
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human DRD1 to DRD5 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or pro-orthologs thereof."
obo:PR_000001133
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human EDNRA or EDNRB genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or pro-orthologs thereof. The active form binds endothelins."
obo:PR_000005058
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CASR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CaSR
  A parathyroid cell calcium-sensing receptor
  A CASR
  A PCaR1
obo:PR_000001452
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FFAR1 to FFAR4, or GPR42 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds free fatty acid."
  A fam:FFA_R
obo:PR_000044634
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that has G protein-coupled bile acid receptor activity."
obo:PR_000049993
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that has G protein-coupled estrogen receptor activity."
obo:PR_000001503
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR101 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR101
obo:PR_000001504
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR132 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G2 accumulation protein
  A GPR132
obo:PR_000001505
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR135 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR135
obo:PR_000001506
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR139 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G(q)-coupled orphan receptor GPRg1
  A G-protein-coupled receptor PGR3
  A GPR139
obo:PR_000001507
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR141 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR141
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR13
obo:PR_000001508
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR142 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR142
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR2
obo:PR_000001509
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR146 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR8
  A GPR146
obo:PR_000001510
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR148 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR148
  A brain and testis restricted GPCR
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR6
obo:PR_000001511
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR149 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR10
  A GPR149
obo:PR_000001418
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BOB
  A GPR15
obo:PR_000001512
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR150 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR11
  A GPR150
obo:PR_000001513
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR151 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPCR-2037
  A GPR151
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR7
obo:PR_000001514
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR152 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR5
  A GPR152
obo:PR_000001637
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR153 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR1
  A GPR153
obo:PR_000001516
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR160 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor GPCR1
  A GPR160
  A GPCR1
obo:PR_000001517
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR161 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR161
  A G-protein coupled receptor RE2
obo:PR_000001638
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR162 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR162
  A gene-rich cluster gene A protein
obo:PR_000001518
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR171 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR171
  A G-protein coupled receptor H963
obo:PR_000001639
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR173 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR173
  A super conserved receptor expressed in brain 3
obo:PR_000001640
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR174 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR174
obo:PR_000001519
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR176 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This gene is expressed in human brain and in rat brain and spleen. The protein sequence has a predicted carboxyl-terminal cytoplasmic domain of about 195 residues."
  A HB-954
  A G-protein coupled receptor AGR9
  A GPR176
obo:PR_000049992
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR18, GPR55, or GPR119 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001419
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR182 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR182
  A NOW
  A G10D
obo:PR_000001109
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR183 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A epstein-Barr virus-induced G-protein coupled receptor 2
  A GPR183
obo:PR_000001520
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR19 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR19
  A GPR-NGA
obo:PR_000001521
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR20 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR20
obo:PR_000030467
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR21 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR21
obo:PR_000001523
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR22 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR22
obo:PR_000001524
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR25 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR25
obo:PR_000001641
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR26 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR26
obo:PR_000001642
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR27 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR27
  A super conserved receptor expressed in brain 1
obo:PR_000001528
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR32 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR32
obo:PR_000001529
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR33 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR33
obo:PR_000001530
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR34 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR34
obo:PR_000001531
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR35 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This receptor is widely expressed in adult and fetal tissues."
  A GPR35
  A KYNA receptor
  A kynurenic acid receptor
obo:PR_000001112
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR37L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. Although about 50% identical to prosaposin receptor GPR37 over a carboxyl-terminal span of about 360 residues, the amino-terminal region of about 120 residues is dissimilar and about 120 residues shorter."
  A GPR37L1
  A endothelin B receptor-like protein 2
  A prosaposin receptor GPR37L1
  A ETBR-LP-2
obo:PR_000001532
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR39 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR39
obo:PR_000001645
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR45 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This receptor is expressed in brain particularly in the basal forebrain, frontal cortex, and caudate, but not in thalamus, hippocampus, or putamen."
  A GPR45
  A PSP24-1
  A PSP24-alpha
obo:PR_000001646
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR52 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR52
obo:PR_000001535
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR61 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR61
  A biogenic amine receptor-like G-protein coupled receptor
obo:PR_000001536
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR62 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR62
  A G-protein coupled receptor GPCR8
  A G-protein coupled receptor KPG_005
  A GPCR8
obo:PR_000001647
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR63 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This receptor is predominantly expressed in the brain."
  A GPR63
  A PSP24-2
  A PSP24-beta
obo:PR_000001537
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR75 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR75
obo:PR_000001648
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR78 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR78
obo:PR_000001538
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR82 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR82
obo:PR_000001539
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR83 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This receptor is specifically expressed in brain."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 72
  A GPR83
  A glucocorticoid-induced receptor
obo:PR_000001540
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR84 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This receptor is expressed in brain, heart, muscle, colon, thymus, spleen, kidney, liver, placenta, intestine, bone marrow, lung and peripheral blood leukocytes."
  A inflammation-related G-protein coupled receptor EX33
  A GPR84
obo:PR_000001650
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR85 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A super conserved receptor expressed in brain 2
  A GPR85
obo:PR_000001541
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR88 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR88
  A striatum-specific G-protein coupled receptor
obo:PR_000001457
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GALR1 to GALR3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds the neuropeptide galanin."
obo:PR_000001463
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FSHR, LHCGR, or TSHR genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds glycoprotein hormones (thyrotropin, follitropin, lutropin, choriogonadotropin)."
obo:PR_000001464
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GNRHR or GNRHR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds gonadotropin-releasing hormone I or II."
obo:PR_000001420
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR4, GPR65, or GPR68 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001421
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR3, GPR6 or GPR12 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001134
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor whose active form binds either growth hormone secretagogues (principally ghrelin) or motilin. The motilin and ghrelin receptors are about 45% identical in amino acid sequence."
obo:PR_000049994
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human HRH1 to HRH4 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001496
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human HCAR1, HCAR2, or HCAR3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A fam:HCA_R
  A nicotinic acid receptor
obo:PR_000001426
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human KISS1R gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands are peptides of 10-54 residues derived from the metastasis-suppressor KiSS-1 protein."
  A KiSS-1R
  A kisspeptins receptor
  A OT7T175
  A G-protein coupled receptor OT7T175
  A hypogonadotropin-1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 54
  A metastin receptor
  A KISS1R
obo:PR_000001477
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor with a core domain composition consisting of a leucine-rich repeat N-terminal domain (Pfam:PF01462), up to 17 Leucine-rich repeats (Pfam:PF00560), and a 7 transmembrane receptor (rhodopsin family) (Pfam:PF00001) domain."
obo:PR_000049997
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human LTB4R, LTB4R2, CYSLTR1, CYSLTR2, or OXER1 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001427
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human LPAR1 to LPAR6 or S1PR1 to S1PR5 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds lysophosphatidic acid or sphingosine 1-phosphate."
  A fam:[LPA_R/S1P_R]
obo:PR_000001487
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is related to the proto-oncogene MAS. The protein has a very short extracellular amino-terminal segment that is not a signal sequence."
obo:PR_000050000
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human MCHR1 or MCHR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001146
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human MC1R to MC5R genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds one or more melanocortins, the pituitary peptides ACTH and alpha-, beta-, and gamma-melanocyte-stimulating hormone."
obo:PR_000001429
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human MTNR1A, MTNR1B or GPR50 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001488
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human CHRM1 to CHRM5 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001431
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human FPR1, FPR2, or FPR3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds N-formyl methionyl peptides."
  A formylpeptide receptor
obo:PR_000001489
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human NMUR1 or NMUR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A neuromedin U receptor
  A fam:NMU_R
obo:PR_000001490
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human NPFFR1 or NPFFR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A neuropeptide FF receptor
  A fam:NPFF_R
obo:PR_000050009
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human NPY1R, NPY2R, or NPY4R to NPY6R genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001495
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human NPBWR1 or NPBWR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A neuropeptide W/neuropeptide B receptor
obo:PR_000001416
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human NTSR1 or NTSR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds the neuropeptide neurotensin."
obo:PR_000001497
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human OPRD1, OPRK1, OPRM1, or OPRL1 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001499
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human HCRTR1 or HCRTR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A hypocretin receptor
obo:PR_000001652
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human P2RY10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A P2RY10
  A P2Y10
obo:PR_000001436
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human P2RY11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands are ATP and ADP."
  A P2Y11
  A P2RY11
obo:PR_000001542
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human P2RY8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A P2Y8
  A P2RY8
obo:PR_000050015
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human P2RY1, P2RY2, P2RY4, P2RY6, P2RY11, P2RY12, P2RY13, or P2RY14 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000050017
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that that has platelet activating factor receptor activity."
  A PAF receptor
obo:PR_000001545
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human PROKR1 or PROKR2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds prokineticin 1 or 2."
obo:PR_000001546
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human PRLHR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PrRP receptor
  A PRLHR
  A G-protein coupled receptor 10
  A PrRPR
obo:PR_000001148
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR37 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 37
  A GPR37
  A endothelin B receptor-like protein 1
  A ETBR-LP-1
  A parkin-associated endothelin receptor-like receptor
  A PAELR
obo:PR_000001549
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human PTGDR, PTGDR2, PTGER1 to PTGER4, PTGFR, PTGIR, or TBXA2R genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds prostanoids (prostaglandins and thromboxanes)."
obo:PR_000001550
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human F2R, or F2RL1 to F2RL3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds trypsin-related proteinases. The proteinase cleaves the mature peptide, exposing a new amino end. The new N-terminal residues act as a tethered ligand that induces activity."
  A fam:PAR
obo:PR_000001498
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human QRFPR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A orexigenic neuropeptide QRFP receptor
  A G-protein coupled receptor 103
  A QRFPR
  A SP9155
  A AQ27
obo:PR_000001551
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human RXFP1 to RXFP4 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds relaxins."
  A relaxin receptor
  A fam:RXFP
obo:PR_000001437
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human RGR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RGR
obo:PR_000001555
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human SSTR1 to SSTR5 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The active form binds somatostatin."
obo:PR_000001556
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human SUCNR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. It is reported to bind succinate."
  A SUCNR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 91
  A P2Y purinoceptor 1-like
obo:PR_000001150
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human TACR1 to TACR3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. These receptors bind tachykinin peptides--neuropeptides of 10-12 amino acids derived from the translation products of the TAC1 and TAC3 genes. Tachykinin receptors are not specific but have different affinities for the various peptides."
obo:PR_000050029
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that has thyrotropin-releasing hormone receptor activity."
obo:PR_000001558
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is related to trace amine-associated receptor 1 (TAAR1) and characterized by the sequence motif NSxxNPxx[YH]xxx[YF]xWF overlapping TM7. Trace amines are biogenic amines present in very low levels in mammalian tissues. Their physiological roles in mammals are poorly understood. Some of them are neurotransmitters in invertebrates. Ligands are currently known for only two TAARs, TAAR1 in human, rat, and mouse, and TAAR4 in rat."
  A TAAR
obo:PR_000001560
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands are uracil nucleotides and cysteinyl leukotrienes. It is highly expressed in brain, heart and kidney."
  A R12
  A G-protein coupled receptor 17
  A GPR17
  A UDP/CysLT receptor
obo:PR_000001562
  D "A rhodopsin-like G-protein coupled receptor that that is a translation product of the human AVPR1A, AVPR1B, AVPR2, or OXTR genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. These receptors bind vasopressin or oxytocin or related nonapeptides."
  A name: vasopressin and oxytocin receptor
obo:PR_O00270
  D "A 12-(S)-hydroxy-5,8,10,14-eicosatetraenoic acid receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPR31
  A 12-HETER (human)
  A 12-(S)-HETE receptor (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 31 (human)
obo:PR_000037911
  D "A 12-(S)-hydroxy-5,8,10,14-eicosatetraenoic acid receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O00270-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR31/iso:1
obo:PR_O00270-1
  D "A 12-(S)-hydroxy-5,8,10,14-eicosatetraenoic acid receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPR31/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6IYF8
  D "A 2-oxoglutarate receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mOXGR1
  A alpha-ketoglutarate receptor 1 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 99 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q6Y1R5
  D "A 2-oxoglutarate receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rOXGR1
  A alpha-ketoglutarate receptor 1 (rat)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 80 (rat)
  A P2Y purinoceptor 15 (rat)
  A P2Y15 (rat)
obo:PR_000042641
  D "A 2-oxoglutarate receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q96P68-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OXGR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6Y1R5-1
  D "A 2-oxoglutarate receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rOXGR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q6IYF8-1
  D "A 2-oxoglutarate receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mOXGR1/iso:1
obo:PR_000001098
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor that is a translation product of the human HTR1A, HTR1B, HTR1D, HTR1E or HTR1F genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin)."
obo:PR_000001099
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor that is a translation product of the human HTR2A, HTR2B, or HTR2C genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin)."
obo:PR_000001100
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor that is a translation product of the human HTR4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin)."
  A serotonin receptor 4
  A 5-HT-4
  A HTR4
  A 5-HT4
obo:PR_000001101
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor that is a translation product of the human HTR5A or HTR5B genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin)."
obo:PR_000001102
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor that is a translation product of the human HTR6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin)."
  A serotonin receptor 6
  A 5-HT6
  A 5-HT-6
  A HTR6
obo:PR_000001103
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor that is a translation product of the human HTR7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin)."
  A 5-HT-7
  A HTR7
  A 5-HT7
  A 5-HT-X
  A serotonin receptor 7
obo:PR_000001161
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1 that is a translation product of the human HTR1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A serotonin receptor 1A
  A HTR1A
  A G-21
  A 5-HT-1A
  A 5-HT1A
obo:PR_000001162
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1 that is a translation product of the human HTR1B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S12
  A serotonin 1D beta receptor
  A 5-HT1B
  A serotonin receptor 1B
  A HTR1B
  A 5-HT-1D-beta
  A 5-HT-1B
obo:PR_000001163
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1 that is a translation product of the human HTR1D gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A serotonin receptor 1D
  A 5-HT1D
  A HTR1D
  A 5-HT-1D-alpha
  A 5-HT-1D
obo:PR_000001164
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1 that is a translation product of the human HTR1E gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR1E
  A 5-HT-1E
  A 5-HT1E
  A S31
  A serotonin receptor 1E
obo:PR_000001165
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1 that is a translation product of the human HTR1F gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 5-HT-1F
  A 5-HT-1E-beta
  A HTR1F
  A 5-HT1F
  A serotonin receptor 1F
obo:PR_Q64264
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A serotonin receptor 1A (mouse)
  A 5-HT1A (mouse)
  A mHTR1A
  A 5-HT-1A (mouse)
obo:PR_P19327
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1A that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A 5-HT-1A (rat)
  A rHTR1A
  A serotonin receptor 1A (rat)
  A 5-HT1A (rat)
obo:PR_000038752
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1A that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P08908-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR1A/iso:1
obo:PR_P19327-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rHTR1A/iso:1
obo:PR_P28222
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A serotonin receptor 1B (human)
  A 5-HT1B (human)
  A 5-HT-1B (human)
  A hHTR1B
  A S12 (human)
  A 5-HT-1D-beta (human)
  A serotonin 1D beta receptor (human)
obo:PR_P28334
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A 5-HT1B (mouse)
  A mHTR1B
  A serotonin receptor 1B (mouse)
  A 5-HT-1B (mouse)
obo:PR_000039194
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1B that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28334-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR1B/iso:1
obo:PR_P28334-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR1B/iso:1
obo:PR_P28221
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1D that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A 5-HT1D (human)
  A hHTR1D
  A serotonin receptor 1D (human)
  A 5-HT-1D-alpha (human)
  A 5-HT-1D (human)
  A serotonin 1D alpha receptor (human)
obo:PR_000041065
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1D that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q61224-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR1D/iso:1
obo:PR_Q61224-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1D isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR1D/iso:1
obo:PR_P28565-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1D isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rHTR1D/iso:1
obo:PR_P28566
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1E that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A 5-HT1E (human)
  A hHTR1E
  A 5-HT-1E (human)
  A S31 (human)
  A serotonin receptor 1E (human)
obo:PR_P30939
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1F that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A serotonin receptor 1F (human)
  A 5-HT1F (human)
  A hHTR1F
  A 5-HT-1F (human)
obo:PR_Q02284
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1F that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR1F
  A 5-HT1F (mouse)
  A serotonin receptor 1F (mouse)
  A 5-HT-1E-beta (mouse)
  A 5-HT-1F (mouse)
obo:PR_000039268
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1F that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30939-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR1F/iso:1
obo:PR_P30939-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1F isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hHTR1F/iso:1
obo:PR_Q02284-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1F isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR1F/iso:1
obo:PR_000001166
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2 that is a translation product of the human HTR2A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR2A
  A serotonin receptor 2A
  A 5-HT-2
  A 5-HT-2A
obo:PR_000001167
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2 that is a translation product of the human HTR2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR2B
  A serotonin receptor 2B
  A 5-HT-2F
  A 5-HT2B
  A 5-HT-2B
  A NP75 protein
obo:PR_000001168
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2 that is a translation product of the human HTR2C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 5-HT2C
  A 5-HT-2C
  A serotonin receptor 2C
  A 5-HT1C
  A 5-HT-1C
  A HTR2C
  A 5-HTR2C
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1C
obo:PR_P28223
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hHTR2A
  A serotonin receptor 2A (human)
  A 5-HT-2A (human)
  A 5-HT-2 (human)
obo:PR_P50129
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A serotonin receptor 2A (pig)
  A pig-HTR2A
  A 5-HT-2 (pig)
  A 5-HT2A (pig)
  A 5-HT-2A (pig)
obo:PR_P14842
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rHTR2A
  A 5-HT-2A (rat)
  A 5-HT-2 (rat)
  A serotonin receptor 2A (rat)
obo:PR_000039188
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28223-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR2A/iso:1
obo:PR_P28223-2
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28223-2."
  A hHTR2A/iso:h2
obo:PR_P14842-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rHTR2A/iso:1
obo:PR_P28223-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hHTR2A/iso:1
obo:PR_P41595
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2B that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A 5-HT-2B (human)
  A 5-HT2B (human)
  A hHTR2B
  A serotonin receptor 2B (human)
obo:PR_Q02152
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR2B
  A NP75 protein (mouse)
  A 5-HT2B (mouse)
  A 5-HT-2F (mouse)
  A 5-HT-2B (mouse)
  A serotonin receptor 2B (mouse)
obo:PR_P28335
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2C that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A 5-HT2C (human)
  A 5-HT-2C (human)
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1C (human)
  A hHTR2C
  A 5-HT-1C (human)
  A 5-HT1C (human)
  A serotonin receptor 2C (human)
  A 5-HTR2C (human)
obo:PR_P28335-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2C (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28335-1."
  A hHTR2C/iso:h1
obo:PR_P28335-2
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2C (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28335-2."
  A hHTR2C/iso:h2
obo:PR_000047922
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2C (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P28335, 33-458."
  A UniProtKB:P28335, 33-458
  A hHTR2C/SigPep-
  A PRO_0000068958
obo:PR_Q13639
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hHTR4
  A 5-HT-4 (human)
  A 5-HT4 (human)
  A serotonin receptor 4 (human)
obo:PR_Q62758
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A 5-HT4 (rat)
  A 5-HT-4 (rat)
  A rHTR4
  A serotonin receptor 4 (rat)
obo:PR_E7FBR2
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-HTR4
obo:PR_000040468
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR4/iso:1
obo:PR_000040469
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR4/iso:2
obo:PR_000040181
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P97288-3 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR4/iso:3
obo:PR_Q13639-2
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hHTR4/iso:5-HT4(A)
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 isoform 5-HT4S (human)
obo:PR_Q13639-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hHTR4/iso:5-HT4(B)
obo:PR_Q13639-3
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-3."
  A hHTR4/iso:h5-HT4(C)
obo:PR_Q13639-4
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-4."
  A hHTR4/iso:h5-HT4(D)
obo:PR_Q13639-5
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-5."
  A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 isoform H5-HT4(g) (human)
  A hHTR4/iso:h5-HT4(E)
obo:PR_Q13639-6
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-6."
  A hHTR4/iso:h5-HT4(F)
obo:PR_Q13639-7
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-7."
  A hHTR4/iso:h5-HT4(G)
obo:PR_Q13639-8
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-8."
  A hHTR4/iso:h5-HT4(I)
obo:PR_Q13639-9
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q13639-9."
  A hHTR4/iso:h5-HT4c1
obo:PR_Q62758-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q62758-1."
  A rHTR4/iso:r5-HT4L
obo:PR_Q62758-2
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q62758-2."
  A rHTR4/iso:r5-HT4S
obo:PR_P97288-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR4/iso:1
obo:PR_P97288-2
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR4/iso:5-HT4(A)
obo:PR_P97288-3
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR4/iso:5-HT4(E)
obo:PR_Q62758-3
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 4 isoform 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rHTR4/iso:5-HT4(E)
obo:PR_000001169
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5 that is a translation product of the human HTR5A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 5-HT-5
  A serotonin receptor 5A
  A HTR5A
  A 5-HT5A
  A 5-HT-5A
obo:PR_000001170
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5 that is a translation product of the mouse Htr5b gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 5-HT5B
  A serotonin receptor 5B
  A 5-HT-5B
  A Htr5b
obo:PR_P30966
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A 5-HT-5A (mouse)
  A 5-HT-5 (mouse)
  A serotonin receptor 5A (mouse)
  A mHTR5A
  A 5-HT5A (mouse)
obo:PR_000039521
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5A that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47898-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR5A/iso:1
obo:PR_P47898-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hHTR5A/iso:1
obo:PR_P30966-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5A isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR5A/iso:1
obo:PR_P31387
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A 5-HT5B (mouse)
  A serotonin receptor 5B (mouse)
  A 5-HT-5B (mouse)
  A mHtr5b
obo:PR_000039280
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5B that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P31387-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Htr5b/iso:1
obo:PR_P31387-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHtr5b/iso:1
obo:PR_P35365-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 5B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rHtr5b/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9R1C8
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 6 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A 5-HT6 (mouse)
  A serotonin receptor 6 (mouse)
  A 5-HT-6 (mouse)
  A mHTR6
obo:PR_P34969
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 7 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hHTR7
  A serotonin receptor 7 (human)
  A 5-HT7 (human)
  A 5-HT-X (human)
  A 5-HT-7 (human)
obo:PR_P32304
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 7 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A serotonin receptor 7 (mouse)
  A mHTR7
  A 5-HT-X (mouse)
  A 5-HT-7 (mouse)
  A 5-HT7 (mouse)
obo:PR_000039299
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 7 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32304-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTR7/iso:1
obo:PR_P34969-2
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34969-2."
  A hHTR7/iso:A
obo:PR_P34969-3
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34969-3."
  A hHTR7/iso:B
obo:PR_P34969-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 7 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34969-1."
  A hHTR7/iso:D
obo:PR_P32304-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mHTR7/iso:1
obo:PR_P32305-1
  D "A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rHTR7/iso:A
obo:PR_000001575
  D "An adenosine receptor protein that is a translation product of the human ADORA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADORA1
obo:PR_000001576
  D "An adenosine receptor protein that is a translation product of the human ADORA2A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADORA2A
obo:PR_000001577
  D "An adenosine receptor protein that is a translation product of the human ADORA2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADORA2B
obo:PR_000001578
  D "An adenosine receptor protein that is a translation product of the human ADORA3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADORA3
  A A3AR
obo:PR_P49892
  D "An adenosine receptor A1 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-ADORA1
obo:PR_P28190
  D "An adenosine receptor A1 that is encoded in the genome of cow."
  A cow-ADORA1
obo:PR_P47745
  D "An adenosine receptor A1 that is encoded in the genome of guinea pig."
  A gPig-ADORA1
obo:PR_P30542
  D "An adenosine receptor A1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADORA1
obo:PR_000039249
  D "An adenosine receptor A1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30542-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADORA1/iso:1
obo:PR_P30542-1
  D "An adenosine receptor A1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADORA1/iso:1
obo:PR_P30542-2
  D "An adenosine receptor A1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30542-2."
  A hADORA1/iso:h2
obo:PR_P29274
  D "An adenosine receptor A2a that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADORA2A
obo:PR_000041042
  D "An adenosine receptor A2a that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q60613-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADORA2A/iso:1
obo:PR_Q60613-1
  D "An adenosine receptor A2a isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADORA2A/iso:1
obo:PR_P29275
  D "An adenosine receptor A2b that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADORA2B
obo:PR_000039214
  D "An adenosine receptor A2b that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P29275-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADORA2B/iso:1
obo:PR_P29275-1
  D "An adenosine receptor A2b isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADORA2B/iso:1
obo:PR_Q61618
  D "An adenosine receptor A3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A A3AR (mouse)
  A mADORA3
obo:PR_P28647
  D "An adenosine receptor A3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADORA3
  A TGPCR1 (rat)
obo:PR_000029136
  D "An adenosine receptor A3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P0DMS8-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADORA3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q61618-1
  D "An adenosine receptor A3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADORA3/iso:A
obo:PR_P28647-1
  D "An adenosine receptor A3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADORA3/iso:A
obo:PR_P28647-2
  D "An adenosine receptor A3 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28647-2."
  A adenosine receptor A3 isoform A3i (rat)
  A rADORA3/iso:B
obo:PR_000001115
  D "An adrenoceptor protein whose active form binds adrenaline and related compounds and whose activity is mediated by G proteins that activate a phosphatidylinositol-calcium second messenger system."
obo:PR_000001116
  D "An adrenoceptor protein whose active form binds adrenaline and related compounds and whose activity is mediated by G proteins that cause inhibition of adenylate cyclase."
obo:PR_000001121
  D "An adrenoceptor protein whose active form binds adrenaline and related compounds and whose activity is mediated by G proteins that cause activation of adenylate cyclase."
obo:PR_000001183
  D "An alpha-1 adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRA1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-adrenergic receptor 1c
  A alpha-1C adrenergic receptor
  A alpha-1A adrenoceptor
  A ADRA1A
  A alpha-1A adrenoreceptor
obo:PR_000001184
  D "An alpha-1 adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRA1B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-1B adrenoceptor
  A ADRA1B
  A alpha-1B adrenoreceptor
obo:PR_000001185
  D "An alpha-1 adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRA1D gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADRA1D
  A alpha-adrenergic receptor 1a
  A alpha-1D adrenoreceptor
  A alpha-1D adrenoceptor
obo:PR_P35348
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADRA1A
  A alpha-1A adrenoreceptor (human)
  A alpha-1C adrenergic receptor (human)
  A alpha-adrenergic receptor 1c (human)
  A alpha-1A adrenoceptor (human)
obo:PR_P97718
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADRA1A
  A alpha-1A adrenoceptor (mouse)
  A alpha-1C adrenergic receptor (mouse)
  A alpha-1A adrenoreceptor (mouse)
obo:PR_000039331
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADRA1A/iso:1
obo:PR_Q18775
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A ADRA1A (worm)
obo:PR_P35348-2
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-2."
  A hADRA1A/iso:h2
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform Alpha 1c-2 (human)
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform Alpha(1A-2) (human)
obo:PR_P35348-3
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-3."
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform Alpha(1A-3) (human)
  A hADRA1A/iso:h3
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform Alpha 1c-3 (human)
obo:PR_P35348-4
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-4."
  A hADRA1A/iso:h4
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform Alpha(1A-4) (human)
obo:PR_P35348-5
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-5."
  A hADRA1A/iso:h5
obo:PR_P35348-6
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-6."
  A hADRA1A/iso:h6
obo:PR_P35348-7
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-7."
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform 2b/3b (human)
  A hADRA1A/iso:h7
obo:PR_P35348-8
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-8."
  A hADRA1A/iso:h8
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform 2c (human)
obo:PR_P35348-9
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35348-9."
  A hADRA1A/iso:h9
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform 3c (human)
obo:PR_P35348-1
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADRA1A/iso:1
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform Alpha(1A-1) (human)
  A alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform Alpha 1c-1 (human)
obo:PR_P97718-1
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADRA1A/iso:1
obo:PR_P43140-1
  D "An alpha-1A adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADRA1A/iso:1
obo:PR_P35368
  D "An alpha-1B adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A alpha-1B adrenoceptor (human)
  A alpha-1B adrenoreceptor (human)
  A hADRA1B
obo:PR_P97717
  D "An alpha-1B adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A alpha-1B adrenoceptor (mouse)
  A mADRA1B
  A alpha-1B adrenoreceptor (mouse)
obo:PR_P97714
  D "An alpha-1D adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A alpha-1D adrenoreceptor (mouse)
  A alpha-1D adrenoceptor (mouse)
  A mADRA1D
obo:PR_P23944
  D "An alpha-1D adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A alpha-1D adrenoreceptor (rat)
  A RA42 (rat)
  A rADRA1D
  A alpha-1D adrenoceptor (rat)
obo:PR_000001186
  D "An alpha-2 adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRA2A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-2AAR
  A ADRA2A
  A alpha-2A adrenoreceptor
  A alpha-2A adrenoceptor
  A alpha-2 adrenergic receptor subtype C10
obo:PR_000001187
  D "An alpha-2 adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRA2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-2 adrenergic receptor subtype C2
  A ADRA2B
  A alpha-2B adrenoreceptor
  A alpha-2B adrenoceptor
  A alpha-2BAR
obo:PR_000001188
  D "An alpha-2 adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRA2C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-2C adrenoreceptor
  A alpha-2 adrenergic receptor subtype C4
  A alpha-2C adrenoceptor
  A alpha-2CAR
  A ADRA2C
obo:PR_P08913
  D "An alpha-2A adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A alpha-2 adrenergic receptor subtype C10 (human)
  A alpha-2A adrenoceptor (human)
  A alpha-2A adrenoreceptor (human)
  A hADRA2A
  A alpha-2AAR (human)
obo:PR_Q01338
  D "An alpha-2A adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADRA2A
  A alpha-2A adrenoceptor (mouse)
  A alpha-2AAR (mouse)
  A alpha-2A adrenoreceptor (mouse)
obo:PR_Q90WY4
  D "An alpha-2A adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A alpha-2A adrenoreceptor (zebrafish)
  A z-ADRA2A
  A alpha-2AAR (zebrafish)
  A alpha-2A adrenoceptor (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000038755
  D "An alpha-2A adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P08913-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADRA2A/iso:1
obo:PR_Q01338-1
  D "An alpha-2A adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADRA2A/iso:1
obo:PR_P08913-1
  D "An alpha-2A adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADRA2A/iso:1
obo:PR_P18089
  D "An alpha-2B adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADRA2B
  A alpha-2BAR (human)
  A alpha-2B adrenoreceptor (human)
  A alpha-2B adrenoceptor (human)
  A alpha-2 adrenergic receptor subtype C2 (human)
obo:PR_P30545
  D "An alpha-2B adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A alpha-2B adrenoreceptor (mouse)
  A alpha-2B adrenoceptor (mouse)
  A mADRA2B
  A alpha-2BAR (mouse)
obo:PR_Q90WY6
  D "An alpha-2C adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A alpha-2C adrenoceptor (zebrafish)
  A alpha-2C adrenoreceptor (zebrafish)
  A alpha-2CAR (zebrafish)
  A z-ADRA2C
obo:PR_000040225
  D "An alpha-2C adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q01337-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADRA2C/iso:1
obo:PR_Q01337-1
  D "An alpha-2C adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADRA2C/iso:1
obo:PR_000001192
  D "A beta adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADRB1
  A beta-1 adrenoceptor
  A beta-1 adrenoreceptor
obo:PR_000001193
  D "A beta adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADRB2
  A beta-2 adrenoceptor
  A beta-2 adrenoreceptor
  A beta(2)-adrenergic receptor
obo:PR_000001194
  D "A beta adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of the human ADRB3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A beta-3 adrenoceptor
  A beta-3 adrenoreceptor
  A ADRB3
obo:PR_P08588
  D "A beta-1 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A beta-1 adrenoreceptor (human)
  A hADRB1
  A beta-1 adrenoceptor (human)
obo:PR_000039320
  D "A beta-1 adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34971-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADRB1/iso:1
obo:PR_000045658
  D "A beta-1 adrenergic receptor (human) that has been phosphorylated at Ser-312. UniProtKB:P08588, Ser-312, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:P08588, Ser-312, MOD:00046
  A hADRB1/Phos:1
obo:PR_P18090-1
  D "A beta-1 adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADRB1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q28044
  D "A beta-2 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of cow."
  A beta-2 adrenoceptor (cow)
  A cow-ADRB2
  A beta-2 adrenoreceptor (cow)
obo:PR_Q8K4Z4
  D "A beta-2 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of guinea pig."
  A gPig-ADRB2
  A beta-2 adrenoreceptor (guinea pig)
  A beta-2 adrenoceptor (guinea pig)
obo:PR_P10608
  D "A beta-2 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A beta-2 adrenoreceptor (rat)
  A rADRB2
  A beta-2 adrenoceptor (rat)
obo:PR_O02662
  D "A beta-3 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of dog."
  A beta-3 adrenoreceptor (dog)
  A beta-3 adrenoceptor (dog)
  A dog-ADRB3
obo:PR_P13945
  D "A beta-3 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hADRB3
  A beta-3 adrenoreceptor (human)
  A beta-3 adrenoceptor (human)
obo:PR_P26255
  D "A beta-3 adrenergic receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A beta-3 adrenoreceptor (rat)
  A rADRB3
  A beta-3 adrenoceptor (rat)
obo:PR_000039147
  D "A beta-3 adrenergic receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P25962-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADRB3/iso:1
obo:PR_P26255-1
  D "A beta-3 adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rADRB3/iso:1
obo:PR_P25962-1
  D "A beta-3 adrenergic receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mADRB3/iso:A
obo:PR_000001251
  D "An angiotensin II receptor that is a translation product of the human AGTR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AT1BR
  A angiotensin II type-1 receptor
  A AT1AR
  A AGTR1
  A AT1
obo:PR_000030044
  D "An angiotensin II receptor that is a translation product of the mouse Agtr1a gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AT1A
  A Agtr1a
  A angiotensin II type-1A receptor
obo:PR_000001252
  D "An angiotensin II receptor that is a translation product of the mouse Agtr1b gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AT3
  A angiotensin II type-1B receptor
  A Agtr1b
  A AT1B
obo:PR_000001191
  D "An angiotensin II receptor that is a translation product of the human AGTR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AT2
  A angiotensin II type-2 receptor
  A AGTR2
obo:PR_P79785
  D "An angiotensin II receptor that is a translation product of the AGTR1 gene in chicken."
  A chick-AGTR1
  A angiotensin II type-1 receptor (chicken)
  A AT1 (chicken)
obo:PR_000039251
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30556-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGTR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P25095-1
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rAGTR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P29754
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 1A that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mAgtr1a
  A AT1A (mouse)
  A angiotensin II type-1A receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_P29755
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 1B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A angiotensin II type-1B receptor (mouse)
  A mAgtr1b
  A AT1B (mouse)
  A AT3 (mouse)
obo:PR_P29089
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 1B that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A angiotensin II type-1B receptor (rat)
  A rAgtr1b
  A AT1B (rat)
  A AT3 (rat)
obo:PR_000039617
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P50052-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGTR2/iso:1
obo:PR_P50052
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A angiotensin II type-2 receptor (human)
  A hAGTR2
  A AT2 (human)
obo:PR_P50052-1
  D "An angiotensin II receptor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hAGTR2/iso:1
obo:PR_000001220
  D "An animal opsin that is a translation product of the human OPN3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OPN3
  A panopsin
obo:PR_000001244
  D "An animal opsin that is a translation product of the human OPN1LW gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ROP
  A red cone photoreceptor pigment
  A OPN1LW
  A red-sensitive opsin
obo:PR_000001224
  D "An animal opsin that is a translation product of the human OPN1MW, OPN1MW2, or OPN1MW3 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A GOP
  A OPN1MW
  A M opsin
  A green cone photoreceptor pigment
  A green-sensitive opsin
  A medium wavelength-sensitive cone opsin
obo:PR_000001243
  D "An animal opsin that is a translation product of the human OPN4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OPN4
  A opsin-4
obo:PR_000001180
  D "An animal opsin that is a translation product of the human OPN5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A transmembrane protein 13
  A OPN5
  A G-protein coupled receptor 136
obo:PR_000001245
  D "An animal opsin that is a translation product of the human RHO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RHO
  A opsin-2
obo:PR_000001195
  D "An animal opsin that is a translation product of the human OPN1SW gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S opsin
  A blue cone photoreceptor pigment
  A OPN1SW
  A blue-sensitive opsin
  A short wavelength-sensitive cone opsin
obo:PR_000001248
  D "An animal opsin that is a translation product of the human RRH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RRH
obo:PR_Q9H1Y3
  D "An encephalopsin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOPN3
  A panopsin (human)
  A encephalopsin (human)
obo:PR_Q9H1Y3-1
  D "An opsin-3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H1Y3-1."
  A hOPN3/iso:h1
  A opsin-3 isoform 1-4b-5-6 (human)
obo:PR_Q9H1Y3-2
  D "An opsin-3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9H1Y3-2."
  A opsin-3 isoform 1-2-5-6 (human)
  A hOPN3/iso:h2
obo:PR_P04000
  D "A long-wave-sensitive opsin 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A red cone photoreceptor pigment (human)
  A red-sensitive opsin (human)
  A ROP (human)
  A hOPN1LW
obo:PR_P04001
  D "A medium-wave-sensitive opsin that is a translation product of the OPN1MW gene in human."
  A hOPN1MW
  A GOP1 (human)
  A green-sensitive opsin 1 (human)
  A green cone photoreceptor pigment 1 (human)
obo:PR_P0DN77
  D "A medium-wave-sensitive opsin that is a translation product of the OPN1MW2 gene in human."
  A green-sensitive opsin 2 (human)
  A green cone photoreceptor pigment 2 (human)
  A GOP2 (human)
  A opsin 1 cone pigments medium-wave-sensitive 2 (human)
  A hOPN1MW2
obo:PR_P0DN78
  D "A medium-wave-sensitive opsin that is a translation product of the OPN1MW3 gene in human."
  A hOPN1MW3
  A opsin 1 cone pigments medium-wave-sensitive 3 (human)
obo:PR_Q9UHM6
  D "A melanopsin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A opsin-4 (human)
  A hOPN4
obo:PR_Q9QXZ9
  D "A melanopsin that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A opsin-4 (mouse)
  A mOPN4
obo:PR_000035677
  D "A melanopsin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9QXZ9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OPN4/iso:1
obo:PR_000035679
  D "A melanopsin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9QXZ9-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OPN4/iso:2
obo:PR_Q9UHM6-1
  D "A melanopsin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UHM6-1."
  A hOPN4/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q9UHM6-2
  D "A melanopsin (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9UHM6-2."
  A hOPN4/iso:h2
obo:PR_Q9QXZ9-1
  D "A melanopsin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mOPN4/iso:1
  A Opn4L (mouse)
  A melanopsin 4 long form (mouse)
obo:PR_Q9QXZ9-2
  D "A melanopsin isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mOPN4/iso:2
  A Opn4S (mouse)
  A melanopsin 4 short form (mouse)
obo:PR_Q6U736
  D "An opsin-5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR12 (human)
  A transmembrane protein 13 (human)
  A hOPN5
  A G-protein coupled receptor 136 (human)
obo:PR_Q6VZZ7
  D "An opsin-5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 136 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor PGR12 (mouse)
  A mOPN5
obo:PR_Q6VZZ7-1
  D "An opsin-5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6VZZ7-1."
  A mOPN5/iso:m1
obo:PR_Q6VZZ7-2
  D "An opsin-5 (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6VZZ7-2."
  A mOPN5/iso:m2
obo:PR_P22328
  D "A rhodopsin that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-RHO
obo:PR_P08100
  D "A rhodopsin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hRHO
  A opsin-2 (human)
obo:PR_P51489
  D "A rhodopsin that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rRHO
obo:PR_P35359
  D "A rhodopsin that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-RHO
obo:PR_000038729
  D "A rhodopsin that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P08100-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RHO/iso:1
obo:PR_000049043
  D "A rhodopsin (human) that has been post-translationally modified to include phosphoserine at positions 334, 338 and 343 of the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P08100. UniProtKB:P08100, Ser-334/Ser-338/Ser-343, MOD:00046."
  A UniProtKB:P08100, Ser-334/Ser-338/Ser-343, MOD:00046
  A hRHO/Phos:1
obo:PR_P51489-1
  D "A rhodopsin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rRHO/iso:1
obo:PR_P08100-1
  D "A rhodopsin isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hRHO/iso:1
obo:PR_P51491
  D "A short-wave-sensitive opsin 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A blue-sensitive opsin (mouse)
  A BOP (mouse)
  A S opsin (mouse)
  A blue cone photoreceptor pigment (mouse)
  A short wavelength-sensitive cone opsin (mouse)
  A mOPN1SW
obo:PR_Q63652
  D "A short-wave-sensitive opsin 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A short wavelength-sensitive cone opsin (rat)
  A rOPN1SW
  A blue-sensitive opsin (rat)
  A blue cone photoreceptor pigment (rat)
  A BOP (rat)
  A S opsin (rat)
obo:PR_O14718
  D "A visual pigment-like receptor peropsin that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hRRH
obo:PR_P35414
  D "An apelin receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hAPLNR
  A G-protein coupled receptor APJ (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor HG11 (human)
  A angiotensin receptor-like 1 (human)
obo:PR_A0T2N3
  D "An apelin receptor that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-APLNR
  A angiotensin receptor-like 1b (zebrafish)
  A G-protein coupled receptor APJ B (zebrafish)
  A protein grinch (zebrafish)
  A angiotensin II receptor-like 1b (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000044079
  D "An apelin receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9WV08-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APLNR/iso:1
obo:PR_000001196
  D "A bombesin receptor that is a translation product of the human BRS3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. It has low affinity for the known bombesin-related peptides and is currently classed as an orphan receptor."
  A BRS3
  A BRS-3
obo:PR_000001223
  D "A bombesin receptor that is a translation product of the human GRPR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is gastrin releasing peptide."
  A GRP-preferring bombesin receptor
  A GRP-R
  A GRPR
obo:PR_000001241
  D "A bombesin receptor that is a translation product of the human NMBR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is neuromedin-B."
  A neuromedin-B-preferring bombesin receptor
  A NMBR
  A NMB-R
obo:PR_Q8K418
  D "A bombesin receptor subtype-3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rBRS3
  A BRS-3 (rat)
obo:PR_000039296
  D "A bombesin receptor subtype-3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32247-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BRS3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8K418-1
  D "A bombesin receptor subtype-3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rBRS3/iso:1
obo:PR_P30550
  D "A gastrin-releasing peptide receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A GRP-R (human)
  A GRP-preferring bombesin receptor (human)
  A hGRPR
obo:PR_000039060
  D "A gastrin-releasing peptide receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P21729-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GRPR/iso:1
obo:PR_P28336
  D "A neuromedin-B receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A NMB-R (human)
  A epididymis tissue protein Li 185a (human)
  A hNMBR
  A neuromedin-B-preferring bombesin receptor (human)
obo:PR_P24053
  D "A neuromedin-B receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A NMB-R (rat)
  A rNMBR
  A neuromedin-B-preferring bombesin receptor (rat)
obo:PR_000039195
  D "A neuromedin-B receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P28336-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NMBR/iso:1
obo:PR_P28336-1
  D "A neuromedin-B receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hNMBR/iso:1
obo:PR_P24053-1
  D "A neuromedin-B receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rNMBR/iso:1
obo:PR_000001171
  D "A bradykinin receptor that is a translation product of the human BDKRB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is bradykinin."
  A BDKRB1
  A B1R
  A BK-1 receptor
obo:PR_000001172
  D "A bradykinin receptor that is a translation product of the human BDKRB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is bradykinin."
  A BK-2 receptor
  A B2R
  A BDKRB2
obo:PR_P46663
  D "A B1 bradykinin receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hBDKRB1
  A BK-1 receptor (human)
  A B1R (human)
obo:PR_P48748
  D "A B1 bradykinin receptor that is encoded in the genome of rabbit."
  A rabbit-BDKRB1
  A BK-1 receptor (rabbit)
  A B1R (rabbit)
obo:PR_P97583
  D "A B1 bradykinin receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A kinin B1 receptor (rat)
  A BK-1 receptor (rat)
  A B1R (rat)
  A KB1 (rat)
  A rBDKRB1
obo:PR_P30411
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hBDKRB2
  A B2R (human)
  A BK-2 receptor (human)
obo:PR_P32299
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mBDKRB2
  A B2R (mouse)
  A BK-2 receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_P25023
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rBDKRB2
  A B2R (rat)
  A BK-2 receptor (rat)
obo:PR_000039298
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32299-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BDKRB2/iso:2
obo:PR_P30411-1
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30411-1."
  A hBDKRB2/iso:Long
obo:PR_P30411-2
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30411-2."
  A hBDKRB2/iso:Short
obo:PR_P32299-1
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32299-1."
  A mBDKRB2/iso:Long
obo:PR_P25023-1
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P25023-1."
  A rBDKRB2/iso:Long
obo:PR_P25023-2
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rBDKRB2/iso:Short
obo:PR_P32299-2
  D "A B2 bradykinin receptor isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mBDKRB2/iso:Short
obo:PR_000004973
  D "A calcitonin receptor protein that is a translation product of the human CALCRL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A calcitonin receptor-like receptor
  A CGRP type 1 receptor
  A CALCRL
obo:PR_000004972
  D "A calcitonin receptor protein that is a translation product of the human CALCR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CALCR
  A CT-R
obo:PR_Q16602
  D "A calcitonin gene-related peptide type 1 receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCALCRL
  A CGRP type 1 receptor (human)
  A calcitonin receptor-like receptor (human)
obo:PR_Q68EK2
  D "A calcitonin gene-related peptide type 1 receptor that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A CGRP type 1 receptor (zebrafish)
  A calcitonin receptor-like receptor (zebrafish)
  A z-CALCRL
obo:PR_000019224
  D "A calcitonin gene-related peptide type 1 receptor that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A CALCRL/SigPep-
obo:PR_000046551
  D "A calcitonin gene-related peptide type 1 receptor (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:Q16602, 23-461."
  A UniProtKB:Q16602, 23-461
  A PRO_0000012811
  A hCALCRL/SigPep-
obo:PR_P32214
  D "A calcitonin receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A C1A/C1B (rat)
  A rCALCR
  A CT-R (rat)
obo:PR_000019222
  D "A calcitonin receptor that has had the signal peptide removed."
  A CALCR/SigPep-
obo:PR_P32214-2
  D "A calcitonin receptor (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32214-2."
  A rCALCR/iso:A
obo:PR_P32214-1
  D "A calcitonin receptor (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32214-1."
  A rCALCR/iso:B
obo:PR_000001125
  D "A cannabinoid receptor that is a translation product of the human CNR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. Preferred ligands are cannabinoids--molecules related to tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive ingredient of cannabis. Endogenous cannabinoids serve as neurotransmitters. This receptor is expressed primarily in the brain."
  A CNR1
  A CB1
  A brain-type cannabinoid receptor
  A CB-R
  A CANN6
obo:PR_000001126
  D "A cannabinoid receptor that is a translation product of the human CNR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. Preferred ligands are cannabinoids--molecules related to tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive ingredient of cannabis. This receptor is expressed primarily in the immune system."
  A CB-2
  A CX5
  A CNR2
  A CB2
obo:PR_P21554
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CB1 (human)
  A CANN6 (human)
  A hCNR1
  A CB-R (human)
obo:PR_000039505
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P47746-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CNR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P21554-1
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P21554-1."
  A hCNR1/iso:1
  A cannabinoid receptor 1 isoform Long (human)
obo:PR_P21554-2
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P21554-2."
  A hCNR1/iso:h2
  A cannabinoid receptor 1 isoform CB1a (human)
obo:PR_P21554-3
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P21554-3."
  A cannabinoid receptor 1 isoform CB1b (human)
  A hCNR1/iso:h3
obo:PR_P47746-1
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCNR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P20272-1
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rCNR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P34972
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCB2
  A hCNR2
  A CX5 (human)
  A CB-2 (human)
  A CB2 (human)
obo:PR_Q9QZN9
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rCNR2
  A CB2 (rat)
  A CB-2 (rat)
  A rCB2
obo:PR_000039321
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P34972-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CNR2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9QZN9-1
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rCNR2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9QZN9-2
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 2 (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9QZN9-2."
  A rCNR2/iso:r2
obo:PR_P34972-1
  D "A cannabinoid receptor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCNR2/iso:1
obo:PR_000001129
  D "A chemerin receptor that is a translation product of the human CMKLR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor DEZ
  A CMKLR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor ChemR23
obo:PR_000001502
  D "A chemerin receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR1
obo:PR_O35786
  D "A chemokine receptor-like protein CMKLR1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A G-protein coupled receptor DEZ (rat)
  A rCMKLR1
  A G-protein coupled chemoattractant-like receptor (rat)
obo:PR_Q8K087
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPR1
obo:PR_000041773
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q8K087-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8K087-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P46090-1
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGPR1/iso:1
obo:PR_000001132
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human ACKR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. This is a non-specific, non-signaling chemokine receptor."
  A plasmodium vivax receptor
  A Fy glycoprotein
  A ACKR1
  A DARC
  A CD234
  A glycoprotein D
  A duffy antigen chemokine receptor
  A GpFy
  A duffy antigen/chemokine receptor
obo:PR_000001215
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human ACKR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands may be CCL2, CCL3, CCL5, CCL7. The signaling pathway is not known."
  A chemokine-binding protein 2
  A chemokine-binding protein D6
  A chemokine receptor CCR-10
  A C-C chemokine receptor D6
  A chemokine receptor CCR-9
  A ACKR2
obo:PR_000001211
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human ACKR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand may be CXCL12. No signaling pathway has been identified."
  A chemokine orphan receptor 1
  A CXCR-7
  A RDC-1
  A ACKR3
  A G-protein coupled receptor 159
  A CXC-R7
  A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 7
  A chemokine receptor CXCR7
  A G-protein coupled receptor RDC1 homolog
obo:PR_000001213
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human ACKR4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands may be CCL19, CCL21, CCL25. This is a non-signaling chemokine receptor."
  A CC chemokine receptor-like 1
  A CCR-11
  A CC-CKR-11
  A ACKR4
  A C-C CKR-11
  A chemokine receptor-like protein CCRL1
  A CCX CKR
  A C-C chemokine receptor type 11
obo:PR_000001198
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands are CCL27 and CCL28."
  A CC-CKR-10
  A chemokine receptor CCR10
  A CCR-10
  A C-C CKR-10
  A chemokine C-C receptor 9
  A G-protein coupled receptor 2
  A CCR10
obo:PR_000001199
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands include CCL2, CCL7, CCL8, CCL13."
  A C-C CKR-2
  A MCP-1-R
  A JE/FIC receptor
  A CCR-2
  A CD192
  A monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 receptor
  A MCP-1 receptor
  A CCR2
  A CC-CKR-2
  A chemokine receptor CCR2
obo:PR_000001200
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands include CCL17 and CCL22."
  A K5-5
  A C-C CKR-4
  A CC-CKR-4
  A CCR-4
  A chemokine receptor CCR4
  A CCR4
  A CD194
obo:PR_000001201
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands include CCL3, CCL4, CCL5, CCL8, CCL14."
  A CHEMR13
  A CCR-5
  A C-C CKR-5
  A MIP-1 alpha receptor
  A chemokine receptor CCR5
  A CD195
  A CCR5
  A HIV-1 fusion coreceptor
  A CC-CKR-5
obo:PR_000001202
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is CCL20."
  A chemokine receptor CCR6
  A CCR6
  A chemokine receptor-like 3
  A CKR-L3
  A GPR-CY4
  A G-protein coupled receptor 29
  A GPRCY4
  A LARC receptor
  A CCR-6
  A CC-CKR-6
  A CD196
  A C-C CKR-6
  A KY411
  A DRY6
obo:PR_000001203
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands are CCL19 and CCL21."
  A C-C CKR-7
  A CD197
  A CCR-7
  A MIP-3 beta receptor
  A EBV-induced G-protein coupled receptor 1
  A chemokine receptor CCR7
  A CC-CKR-7
  A BLR2
  A EBI1
  A CDw197
  A epstein-Barr virus-induced G-protein coupled receptor 1
  A CCR7
obo:PR_000001204
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands include CCL1, CCL4, CCL17."
  A CC chemokine receptor CHEMR1
  A CMKBRL2
  A CKR-L1
  A chemokine receptor-like 1
  A GPR-CY6
  A CCR8
  A CCR-8
  A C-C CKR-8
  A GPRCY6
  A CC-CKR-8
  A chemokine receptor CCR8
  A CDw198
  A TER1
obo:PR_000001205
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is CCL25."
  A C-C CKR-9
  A G-protein coupled receptor 28
  A chemokine C-C receptor 10
  A CCR-9
  A CDw199
  A CC-CKR-9
  A chemokine receptor CCR9
  A CCR9
  A GPR-9-6
obo:PR_000001214
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCRL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands may be CCL2, CCL5, CCL7, CCL8. The signaling pathway is not known."
  A putative MCP-1 chemokine receptor
  A chemokine receptor X
  A lipopolysacharide-inducible C-C chemokine receptor
  A L-CCR
  A CCRL2
  A G-protein coupled beta chemokine receptor
  A chemokine receptor-like protein CCRL2
  A chemokine receptor CCR11
obo:PR_000001207
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CXCR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands include CXCL9, CXCL10, CXCL11."
  A chemokine receptor CXCR3
  A CXCR3
  A G-protein coupled receptor 9
  A IP-10 receptor
  A CD183
  A CXC-R3
  A interferon-inducible protein 10 receptor
  A CKR-L2
  A CXCR-3
obo:PR_000001208
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CXCR4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is CXCL12."
  A CXCR-4
  A fusin
  A LCR1
  A FB22
  A CXC-R4
  A LESTR
  A PB-CKR
  A SDF-1 receptor
  A HM89
  A stromal cell-derived factor 1 receptor
  A CXCR4
  A leukocyte-derived seven transmembrane domain receptor
  A pre-B-cell-derived chemokine receptor
  A chemokine receptor CXCR4
  A CD184
  A NPYRL
obo:PR_000001209
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CXCR5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is CXCL13."
  A monocyte-derived receptor 15
  A chemokine receptor CXCR5
  A burkitt lymphoma receptor 1
  A CD185
  A CXCR5
  A CXC-R5
  A MDR-15
  A burkitt lymphoma receptor 1 homolog
  A CXCR-5
obo:PR_000001210
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CXCR6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is CXCL16."
  A CXCR-6
  A G-protein coupled receptor STRL33
  A CXC-R6
  A CXCR6
  A G-protein coupled receptor bonzo
  A CD186
  A chemokine receptor CXCR6
  A CDw186
obo:PR_000001197
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CCR1 or CCR3 genes, the mouse CCR1L1 gene, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
obo:PR_000001212
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human XCR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands are XCL1 and XCL2."
  A SCM1 receptor
  A lymphotactin receptor
  A chemokine receptor XCR1
  A XC chemokine receptor 1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 5
  A XCR1
obo:PR_000001206
  D "A chemokine receptor that is a translation product of the human CX3CR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is CX3CL1."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 13
  A beta chemokine receptor-like 1
  A CMK-BRL1
  A chemokine receptor CX3CR1
  A V28
  A fractalkine receptor
  A C-X3-C CKR-1
  A CX3CR1
  A CMK-BRL-1
obo:PR_000001226
  D "A chemokine receptor whose active form binds interleukin-8 with high affinity."
obo:PR_Q16570
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hACKR1
  A Fy glycoprotein (human)
  A CD234 (human)
  A glycoprotein D (human)
  A plasmodium vivax receptor (human)
  A duffy antigen/chemokine receptor (human)
  A GpFy (human)
obo:PR_Q9QUI6
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CD234 (mouse)
  A duffy antigen/chemokine receptor (mouse)
  A mACKR1
obo:PR_Q16570-2
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q16570-2."
  A hACKR1/iso:h1
obo:PR_Q16570-1
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q16570-1."
  A hACKR1/iso:h2
obo:PR_O00590
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A chemokine receptor CCR-10 (human)
  A chemokine-binding protein D6 (human)
  A chemokine-binding protein 2 (human)
  A chemokine receptor CCR-9 (human)
  A C-C chemokine receptor D6 (human)
  A hACKR2
obo:PR_P25106
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A RDC-1 (human)
  A chemokine orphan receptor 1 (human)
  A CXCR-7 (human)
  A hACKR3
  A G-protein coupled receptor 159 (human)
  A CXC-R7 (human)
  A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 7 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor RDC1 homolog (human)
obo:PR_000039133
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P25106-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACKR3/iso:1
obo:PR_P25106-1
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hACKR3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q924I3
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CC-CKR-11 (mouse)
  A C-C CKR-11 (mouse)
  A CCRL1 (mouse)
  A CC chemokine receptor-like 1 (mouse)
  A CCX CKR (mouse)
  A CCR-11 (mouse)
  A mACKR4
obo:PR_000043468
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9NPB9-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACKR4/iso:1
obo:PR_Q924I3-1
  D "An atypical chemokine receptor 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mACKR4/iso:1
obo:PR_P46092
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 10 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 2 (human)
  A C-C CKR-10 (human)
  A hCCR10
  A CCR-10 (human)
  A CC-CKR-10 (human)
obo:PR_Q9JL21
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 10 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CCR-10 (mouse)
  A mCCR10
  A CC-CKR-10 (mouse)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 2 (mouse)
  A chemokine C-C receptor 9 (mouse)
  A C-C CKR-10 (mouse)
obo:PR_000039482
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 10 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P46092-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CCR10/iso:1
obo:PR_P46092-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 10 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCCR10/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9JL21-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 10 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCR10/iso:1
obo:PR_P51683
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CCR-2 (mouse)
  A CC-CKR-2 (mouse)
  A CD192 (mouse)
  A CCR2 (mouse)
  A mCCR2
  A MCP-1 receptor (mouse)
  A C-C CKR-2 (mouse)
  A JE/FIC receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_000039677
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P51683-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CCR2/iso:1
obo:PR_P51683-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCR2/iso:1
obo:PR_P51679
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CCR-4 (human)
  A CC-CKR-4 (human)
  A hCCR4
  A C-C CKR-4 (human)
  A CD194 (human)
  A K5-5 (human)
obo:PR_P51680
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 4 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CCR-4 (mouse)
  A C-C CKR-4 (mouse)
  A CD194 (mouse)
  A mCCR4
  A CCR4 (mouse)
  A CC-CKR-4 (mouse)
obo:PR_000039675
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 4 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P51679-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CCR4/iso:1
obo:PR_P51679-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCCR4/iso:1
obo:PR_P51680-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 4 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCR4/iso:1
obo:PR_P51682
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 5 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CCR-5 (mouse)
  A CC-CKR-5 (mouse)
  A CD195 (mouse)
  A mCCR5
  A MIP-1 alpha receptor (mouse)
  A C-C CKR-5 (mouse)
obo:PR_000039676
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 5 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P51682-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CCR5/iso:1
obo:PR_P51682-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 5 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCR5/iso:1
obo:PR_P32248
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 7 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCCR7
  A BLR2 (human)
  A CCR-7 (human)
  A EBV-induced G-protein coupled receptor 1 (human)
  A MIP-3 beta receptor (human)
  A C-C CKR-7 (human)
  A CC-CKR-7 (human)
  A CDw197 (human)
  A CD197 (human)
  A epstein-Barr virus-induced G-protein coupled receptor 1 (human)
obo:PR_000039297
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 7 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32248-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CCR7/iso:1
obo:PR_P32248-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 7 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCCR7/iso:1
obo:PR_000046603
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 7 (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P32248, 25-378."
  A PRO_0000012735
  A UniProtKB:P32248, 25-378
  A hCCR7/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q9WUT7
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 9 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CCR-9 (mouse)
  A CDw199 (mouse)
  A C-C CKR-9 (mouse)
  A CC-CKR-9 (mouse)
  A mCCR9
  A chemokine C-C receptor 10 (mouse)
obo:PR_000039678
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 9 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P51686-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CCR9/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9WUT7-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 9 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCR9/iso:1
obo:PR_P51686-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 9 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCCR9/iso:1
  A C-C chemokine receptor type 9 isoform CCR9A (human)
obo:PR_O35457
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor-like 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCRL2
  A G-protein coupled beta chemokine receptor (mouse)
  A chemokine receptor CCR11 (mouse)
  A L-CCR (mouse)
  A lipopolysaccharide-inducible C-C chemokine receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_Q5KSK8
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 that is encoded in the genome of dog."
  A IP-10 receptor (dog)
  A CXCR-3 (dog)
  A CD183 (dog)
  A interferon-inducible protein 10 receptor (dog)
  A CXC-R3 (dog)
  A dog-CXCR3
obo:PR_P49682
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CKR-L2 (human)
  A G protein-coupled receptor 9 (human)
  A CD183 (human)
  A CXCR-3 (human)
  A IP-10 receptor (human)
  A interferon-inducible protein 10 receptor (human)
  A hCXCR3
  A CXC-R3 (human)
obo:PR_Q9JII9
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A CXC-R3 (rat)
  A CD183 (rat)
  A interferon-inducible protein 10 receptor (rat)
  A IP-10 receptor (rat)
  A rCXCR3
  A CXCR-3 (rat)
obo:PR_000038439
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O88410-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CXCR3/iso:1
obo:PR_P49682-1
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49682-1."
  A hCXCR3/iso:h1
  A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 isoform CXCR3-A (human)
obo:PR_P49682-2
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49682-2."
  A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 isoform CXCR3-B (human)
  A hCXCR3/iso:h2
obo:PR_P49682-3
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49682-3."
  A hCXCR3/iso:h3
  A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 isoform CXCR3-alt (human)
obo:PR_O88410-1
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCXCR3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9JII9-1
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rCXCR3/iso:1
obo:PR_P61073
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CXC-R4 (human)
  A fusin (human)
  A stromal cell-derived factor 1 receptor (human)
  A CD184 (human)
  A NPYRL (human)
  A LESTR (human)
  A hCXCR4
  A LCR1 (human)
  A LPS-associated protein 3 (human)
  A lipopolysaccharide-associated protein 3 (human)
  A leukocyte-derived seven transmembrane domain receptor (human)
  A HM89 (human)
  A FB22 (human)
  A SDF-1 receptor (human)
  A CXCR-4 (human)
obo:PR_P61073-1
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P61073-1."
  A hCXCR4/iso:h1
obo:PR_P61073-2
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P61073-2."
  A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 isoform CXCR4-LO (human)
  A hCXCR4/iso:h2
obo:PR_P32302
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CD185 (human)
  A CXC-R5 (human)
  A CXCR-5 (human)
  A monocyte-derived receptor 15 (human)
  A burkitt lymphoma receptor 1 (human)
  A MDR-15 (human)
  A hCXCR5
obo:PR_P34997
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A neurolymphatic receptor (rat)
  A rCXCR5
  A burkitt lymphoma receptor 1 homolog (rat)
  A NLR (rat)
  A CD185 (rat)
  A CXCR-5 (rat)
  A CXC-R5 (rat)
obo:PR_G4U4M4
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 5 that is encoded in the genome of chicken."
  A chick-CXCR5
obo:PR_P32302-1
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32302-1."
  A hCXCR5/iso:Long
obo:PR_P32302-2
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 5 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32302-2."
  A hCXCR5/iso:Short
obo:PR_O00574
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CDw186 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor bonzo (human)
  A CXC-R6 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor STRL33 (human)
  A hCXCR6
  A CD186 (human)
  A CXCR-6 (human)
obo:PR_000001253
  D "A chemokine receptor CCR1/3/1L that is a translation product of the mouse Ccr1l1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Ccr1l1
  A chemokine receptor 1-like protein Ccr1l1
  A macrophage inflammatory protein 1 alpha receptor-like 1
obo:PR_000001254
  D "A chemokine receptor CCR1/3/1L that is a translation product of the human CCR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A macrophage inflammatory protein 1-alpha receptor
  A MIP-1alpha-R
  A CD191
  A C-C CKR-1
  A CCR1
  A chemokine receptor CCR1
  A CCR-1
  A CC-CKR-1
  A HM145
  A LD78 receptor
  A RANTES-R
obo:PR_000001255
  D "A chemokine receptor CCR1/3/1L that is a translation product of the human CCR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A C-C CKR-3
  A chemokine receptor CCR3
  A CC-CKR-3
  A CCR-3
  A MIP-1 alpha RL2
  A macrophage inflammatory protein 1-alpha receptor-like 2
  A CCR3
  A CKR3
  A CD193
  A eosinophil eotaxin receptor
obo:PR_P51676
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor 1-like protein 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCcr1l1
  A macrophage inflammatory protein 1 alpha receptor-like 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_P32246
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CC-CKR-1 (human)
  A RANTES-R (human)
  A CD191 (human)
  A macrophage inflammatory protein 1-alpha receptor (human)
  A HM145 (human)
  A CCR-1 (human)
  A MIP-1alpha-R (human)
  A C-C CKR-1 (human)
  A hCCR1
  A LD78 receptor (human)
obo:PR_P51675
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A macrophage inflammatory protein 1-alpha receptor (mouse)
  A MIP-1alpha-R (mouse)
  A CCR-1 (mouse)
  A mCCR1
  A CCR1 (mouse)
  A RANTES-R (mouse)
  A CC-CKR-1 (mouse)
  A C-C CKR-1 (mouse)
  A CD191 (mouse)
obo:PR_000039295
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P32246-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CCR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P32246-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCCR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P51675-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCR1/iso:1
obo:PR_P51678
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CCR3 (mouse)
  A CD193 (mouse)
  A C-C CKR-3 (mouse)
  A CCR-3 (mouse)
  A macrophage inflammatory protein 1-alpha receptor-like 2 (mouse)
  A MIP-1 alpha RL2 (mouse)
  A CKR3 (mouse)
  A CC-CKR-3 (mouse)
  A mCCR3
obo:PR_000039674
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 3 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P51678-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CCR3/iso:1
obo:PR_P51678-1
  D "A C-C chemokine receptor type 3 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCR3/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9R0M1
  D "A chemokine XC receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A SCM1 receptor (mouse)
  A XC chemokine receptor 1 (mouse)
  A mXCR1
  A lymphotactin receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_P49238
  D "A CX3C chemokine receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A fractalkine receptor (human)
  A V28 (human)
  A CMK-BRL-1 (human)
  A C-X3-C CKR-1 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 13 (human)
  A beta chemokine receptor-like 1 (human)
  A hCX3CR1
  A CMK-BRL1 (human)
obo:PR_Q9Z0D9
  D "A CX3C chemokine receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CX3CR1 (mouse)
  A fractalkine receptor (mouse)
  A C-X3-C CKR-1 (mouse)
  A mCX3CR1
obo:PR_P35411
  D "A CX3C chemokine receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A C-X3-C CKR-1 (rat)
  A CX3CR1 (rat)
  A fractalkine receptor (rat)
  A RBS11 (rat)
  A rCX3CR1
obo:PR_P49238-1
  D "A CX3C chemokine receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49238-1."
  A hCX3CR1/iso:h1
obo:PR_P49238-2
  D "A CX3C chemokine receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49238-2."
  A hCX3CR1/iso:h2
obo:PR_P49238-3
  D "A CX3C chemokine receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49238-3."
  A hCX3CR1/iso:h3
obo:PR_P49238-4
  D "A CX3C chemokine receptor 1 (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P49238-4."
  A hCX3CR1/iso:h4
obo:PR_000001256
  D "A high affinity interleukin-8 receptor that is a translation product of the human CXCR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CXCR-1
  A CD181
  A CDw128a
  A IL-8 receptor type 1
  A CXC-R1
  A CXCR1
  A IL-8R A
  A high affinity interleukin-8 receptor A
obo:PR_000001257
  D "A high affinity interleukin-8 receptor that is a translation product of the human CXCR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A IL-8R B
  A CDw128b
  A CXCR-2
  A CXC-R2
  A CD182
  A high affinity interleukin-8 receptor B
  A IL-8 receptor type 2
  A GRO/MGSA receptor
  A CXCR2
obo:PR_P25024
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A CDw128a (human)
  A CXC-R1 (human)
  A IL-8R A (human)
  A CXCR-1 (human)
  A IL-8 receptor type 1 (human)
  A high affinity interleukin-8 receptor A (human)
  A CD181 (human)
  A hCXCR1
obo:PR_P25025
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A GRO/MGSA receptor (human)
  A IL-8 receptor type 2 (human)
  A CXC-R2 (human)
  A hCXCR2
  A high affinity interleukin-8 receptor B (human)
  A CXCR-2 (human)
  A CD182 (human)
  A CDw128b (human)
  A IL-8R B (human)
obo:PR_000039330
  D "A C-X-C chemokine receptor type 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P35343-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CXCR2/iso:1
obo:PR_000001216
  D "A cholecystokinin receptor that is a translation product of the human CCKAR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is sulfated CCK, which is bound with a 500- to 1000-fold higher affinity than sulfated gastrin or nonsulfated CCK."
  A CCK-AR
  A CCK1-R
  A CCKAR
  A CCK-A receptor
  A cholecystokinin-1 receptor
obo:PR_000001217
  D "A cholecystokinin receptor that is a translation product of the human CCKBR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The active receptor binds sulfated and non-sulfated forms of gastrin and CCK and their analogs."
  A CCK-BR
  A CCK2-R
  A cholecystokinin-2 receptor
  A CCKBR
  A CCK-B receptor
obo:PR_P30552
  D "A cholecystokinin receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of dog."
  A dog-CCKBR
  A CCK-B receptor (dog)
  A CCK2-R (dog)
  A cholecystokinin-2 receptor (dog)
  A CCK-BR (dog)
obo:PR_P56481
  D "A cholecystokinin receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCCKBR
  A CCK2-R (mouse)
  A cholecystokinin-2 receptor (mouse)
  A CCK-B receptor (mouse)
  A CCK-BR (mouse)
obo:PR_P30553
  D "A cholecystokinin receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rCCKBR
  A CCK2-R (rat)
  A CCK-B receptor (rat)
  A cholecystokinin-2 receptor (rat)
  A CCK-BR (rat)
obo:PR_000001104
  D "A complement peptide receptor that is a translation product of the human C3AR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is C3a anaphylatoxin."
  A C3a-R
  A C3AR
  A C3AR1
  A complement component 3a receptor 1
obo:PR_000001105
  D "A complement peptide receptor whose active form binds C5a anaphylatoxin."
obo:PR_000001173
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor that is a translation product of the human C5AR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is C5a anaphylatoxin."
  A C5a-R
  A C5aR
  A C5AR1
  A CD88
  A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor C5AR1
obo:PR_000001174
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor that is a translation product of the human C5AR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. Preferred ligands are C5a, C4a and C3a and their desarginated derivatives. Couples weakly to Gi-mediated signaling pathways."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 77
  A C5AR2
obo:PR_P30992
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of dog."
  A C5aR (dog)
  A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor (dog)
  A C5a-R (dog)
  A CD88 (dog)
  A dog-C5AR1
obo:PR_P21730
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor (human)
  A CD88 (human)
  A hC5AR1
  A C5a-R (human)
obo:PR_P30993
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A C5aR (mouse)
  A mC5AR1
  A CD88 (mouse)
  A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor (mouse)
  A C5a-R (mouse)
obo:PR_P0C7U5
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-C5AR1
  A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor (zebrafish)
  A C5aR (zebrafish)
  A C5a-R (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000045712
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor 1 (human) that has been phosphorylated at Ser-334. UniProtKB:P21730, Ser-334, MOD:00046."
  A hC5AR1/Phos:1
  A UniProtKB:P21730, Ser-334, MOD:00046
obo:PR_Q9P296
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 77 (human)
  A hC5AR2
  A complement component 5a receptor 2 (human)
obo:PR_Q8BW93
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A complement component 5a receptor 2 (mouse)
  A mC5AR2
  A G-protein coupled receptor 77 (mouse)
obo:PR_Q695P6
  D "A C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor 2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 77 (rat)
  A complement component 5a receptor 2 (rat)
  A rC5AR2
obo:PR_000001107
  D "A dopamine receptor that is a product of the DRD1 or DRD5 gene. The active form binds dopamine and its activity is mediated by G proteins that cause activation of adenylate cyclase."
obo:PR_000001108
  D "A dopamine receptor that is a product of the DRD2, DRD3, or DRD4 gene. The active form binds dopamine and its activity is mediated by G proteins that cause inhibition of adenylate cyclase."
obo:PR_000001175
  D "A D(1)-like dopamine receptor that is a translation product of the human DRD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dopamine D1 receptor
  A DRD1
obo:PR_000001176
  D "A D(1)-like dopamine receptor that is a translation product of the human DRD5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A D1beta dopamine receptor
  A dopamine D5 receptor
  A D(5) dopamine receptor
  A DRD5
obo:PR_P21728
  D "A D(1A) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hDRD1
  A dopamine D1 receptor (human)
obo:PR_Q61616
  D "A D(1A) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mDRD1
  A dopamine D1 receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_000045711
  D "A D(1A) dopamine receptor (human) that has been phosphorylated at Thr-360. UniProtKB:P21728, Thr-360, MOD:00047."
  A UniProtKB:P21728, Thr-360, MOD:00047
  A hDRD1/Phos:1
obo:PR_Q8BLD9
  D "A D(1B) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A dopamine D5 receptor (mouse)
  A mDRD5
  A D(5) dopamine receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_P25115
  D "A D(1B) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A dopamine D5 receptor (rat)
  A rDRD5
  A D(5) dopamine receptor (rat)
obo:PR_P41596
  D "A D(1B) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of fruit fly."
  A fly-DRD5
  A dopamine 1-like receptor 1 (fruit fly)
  A DmDop1
  A dDA1
  A D-DOP1 (fruit fly)
  A D-DOP1
obo:PR_P41596-1
  D "A dopamine receptor 1 (fruit fly) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41596-1."
  A fly-DRD5/iso:A
obo:PR_P41596-2
  D "A dopamine receptor 1 (fruit fly) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41596-2."
  A fly-DRD5/iso:B
obo:PR_P41596-3
  D "A dopamine receptor 1 (fruit fly) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41596-3."
  A fly-DRD5/iso:C
obo:PR_000001177
  D "A D(2)-like dopamine receptor that is a translation product of the human DRD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dopamine D2 receptor
  A DRD2
obo:PR_000001178
  D "A D(2)-like dopamine receptor that is a translation product of the human DRD3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DRD3
  A dopamine D3 receptor
obo:PR_000001179
  D "A D(2)-like dopamine receptor that is a translation product of the human DRD4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dopamine D4 receptor
  A D(2C) dopamine receptor
  A DRD4
obo:PR_Q9GJU1
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of dog."
  A dog-DRD2
  A dopamine D2 receptor (dog)
obo:PR_P61168
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A dopamine D2 receptor (mouse)
  A mDRD2
obo:PR_P61169
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A dopamine D2 receptor (rat)
  A rDRD2
obo:PR_000037412
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P61168-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A D(2) dopamine receptor long form
  A DRD2/iso:1
  A D2(Long)
  A D2L
obo:PR_000037413
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P61168-2 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A D(2) dopamine receptor short form
  A DRD2/iso:2
  A D2(Short)
  A D2S
obo:PR_Q6RYS9
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of worm."
  A DRD2 (worm)
obo:PR_P61169-1
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P61169-1."
  A rDRD2/iso:Long
obo:PR_P61169-2
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor (rat) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P61169-2."
  A rDRD2/iso:Short
obo:PR_P61168-1
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A D2A (mouse)
  A mDRD2/iso:1
obo:PR_P61168-2
  D "A D(2) dopamine receptor isoform 2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A D2B (mouse)
  A mDRD2/iso:2
obo:PR_Q6RYS9-2
  D "A dopamine receptor 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6RYS9-2."
  A DRD2/iso:a (worm)
obo:PR_Q6RYS9-1
  D "A dopamine receptor 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6RYS9-1."
  A DRD2/iso:b (worm)
obo:PR_Q6RYS9-3
  D "A dopamine receptor 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6RYS9-3."
  A DRD2/iso:c (worm)
obo:PR_Q6RYS9-4
  D "A dopamine receptor 3 (worm) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q6RYS9-4."
  A DRD2/iso:d (worm)
  A dopamine receptor 3 isoform DOP-3nf (worm)
obo:PR_P30728
  D "A D(3) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mDRD3
  A dopamine D3 receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_000039260
  D "A D(3) dopamine receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30728-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DRD3/iso:1
obo:PR_P30728-2
  D "A D(3) dopamine receptor (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P30728-2."
  A mDRD3/iso:D3Short
obo:PR_P30728-1
  D "A D(3) dopamine receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mDRD3/iso:D3Long
obo:PR_P51436
  D "A D(4) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A dopamine D4 receptor (mouse)
  A mDRD4
  A D(2C) dopamine receptor (mouse)
obo:PR_P30729
  D "A D(4) dopamine receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rDRD4
  A dopamine D4 receptor (rat)
  A D(2C) dopamine receptor (rat)
obo:PR_000039659
  D "A D(4) dopamine receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P51436-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DRD4/iso:1
obo:PR_P51436-1
  D "A D(4) dopamine receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mDRD4/iso:1
obo:PR_P30729-1
  D "A D(4) dopamine receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rDRD4/iso:1
obo:PR_000001222
  D "An endothelin receptor that is a translation product of the human EDNRB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The active form binds endothelin 1 (ET-1), ET-2, and ET-3 with equal affinity."
  A endothelin receptor non-selective type
  A ET-BR
  A endothelin receptor B
  A endothelin B receptor
  A EDNRB
obo:PR_000001221
  D "An endothelin receptor that is a translation product of the human EDNRA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The active form binds endothelin 1 (ET-1) and ET-2 with much higher affinity than ET-3."
  A ETA-R
  A endothelin receptor A
  A ET-AR
  A EDNRA
  A endothelin A receptor
obo:PR_P48302
  D "An endothelin receptor type B that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEDNRB
  A endothelin B receptor (mouse)
  A ET-B (mouse)
  A endothelin receptor non-selective type (mouse)
  A ET-BR (mouse)
obo:PR_P35463
  D "An endothelin receptor type B that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A endothelin receptor non-selective type (pig)
  A ET-BR (pig)
  A ET-B (pig)
  A pig-EDNRB
  A endothelin B receptor (pig)
obo:PR_P21451
  D "An endothelin receptor type B that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rEDNRB
  A ET-B (rat)
  A ET-BR (rat)
  A endothelin receptor non-selective type (rat)
obo:PR_000039536
  D "An endothelin receptor type B that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P48302-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A endothelin B receptor isoform 1
  A EDNRB/iso:1
obo:PR_P48302-1
  D "An endothelin receptor type B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mEDNRB/iso:1
  A endothelin B receptor isoform 1 (mouse)
obo:PR_P21451-1
  D "An endothelin receptor type B isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A endothelin B receptor isoform 1 (rat)
  A rEDNRB/iso:1
obo:PR_P21450
  D "An endothelin-1 receptor that is encoded in the genome of cow."
  A endothelin receptor type A (cow)
  A endothelin A receptor (cow)
  A ET-A (cow)
  A ET-AR (cow)
  A cow-EDNRA
obo:PR_Q29010
  D "An endothelin-1 receptor that is encoded in the genome of pig."
  A endothelin receptor type A (pig)
  A ET-AR (pig)
  A endothelin A receptor (pig)
  A pig-EDNRA
  A ET-A (pig)
obo:PR_P26684
  D "An endothelin-1 receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A endothelin A receptor (rat)
  A ET-AR (rat)
  A endothelin receptor type A (rat)
  A rEDNRA
  A ET-A (rat)
obo:PR_000039131
  D "An endothelin-1 receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P25101-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EDNRA/iso:1
obo:PR_P41180
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hCasR
  A hCASR
  A CaSR (human)
  A parathyroid cell calcium-sensing receptor 1 (human)
  A CaR (human)
obo:PR_Q9QY96
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A CaSR (mouse)
  A parathyroid cell calcium-sensing receptor (mouse)
  A mCASR
  A PCaR1 (mouse)
obo:PR_P48442
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A RaKCaR (rat)
  A CaSR (rat)
  A rCASR
  A parathyroid cell calcium-sensing receptor (rat)
  A PCaR1 (rat)
obo:PR_000043783
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9QY96-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CASR/iso:1
obo:PR_P41180-1
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41180-1."
  A hCASR/iso:h1
obo:PR_P41180-2
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor (human) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:P41180-2."
  A hCASR/iso:h2
obo:PR_000046572
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor (human) that has had the signal peptide removed. UniProtKB:P41180, 20-1078."
  A UniProtKB:P41180, 20-1078
  A PRO_0000012946
  A hCASR/SigPep-
obo:PR_Q9QY96-2
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor (mouse) that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q9QY96-2."
  A mCASR/iso:B
obo:PR_P48442-1
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rCASR/iso:1
obo:PR_Q9QY96-1
  D "An extracellular calcium-sensing receptor isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mCASR/iso:A
obo:PR_000001582
  D "A free fatty acid receptor that is a translation product of the human FFAR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. Its preferred ligands are medium and long-chain fatty acids. It potentiates fatty acid-stimulated insulin secretion in pancreatic islets."
  A FFAR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 40
obo:PR_000001583
  D "A free fatty acid receptor that is a translation product of the human FFAR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. It mediates stimulation of adipogenesis by short-chain fatty acids."
  A FFAR2
  A leukocyte-specific STAT-induced GPCR
  A G-protein coupled receptor 43
obo:PR_000001584
  D "A free fatty acid receptor that is a translation product of the human FFAR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. It mediates stimulation of leptin release by short-chain fatty acids."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 41
  A FFAR3
obo:PR_000032626
  D "A free fatty acid receptor that is a translation product of the human GPR42 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPR42
obo:PR_Q8K3T4
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFFAR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 40 (rat)
obo:PR_000038011
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O14842-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FFAR1/iso:1
obo:PR_O14842-1
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFFAR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8K3T4-1
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFFAR1/iso:1
obo:PR_000038083
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 2 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:O15552-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FFAR2/iso:1
obo:PR_O15552-1
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 2 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hFFAR2/iso:1
obo:PR_Q3UFD7
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 3 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A G-protein coupled receptor 41 (mouse)
  A mFFAR3
obo:PR_B2GV46
  D "A free fatty acid receptor 3 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rFFAR3
  A G-protein coupled receptor 41 (rat)
obo:PR_O15529
  D "A G-protein coupled receptor 42 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPR42
obo:PR_000001110
  D "A G-protein coupled bile acid receptor that is a translation product of the human GPBAR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligands are bile acids."
  A G-protein coupled receptor GPCR19
  A M-BAR
  A GPBAR1
  A membrane-type receptor for bile acids
  A BG37
  A GPCR19
obo:PR_Q8TDU6
  D "A G-protein coupled bile acid receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPBAR1
  A G-protein coupled receptor GPCR19 (human)
  A hBG37
  A BG37 (human)
  A M-BAR (human)
  A membrane-type receptor for bile acids (human)
  A hGPCR19
obo:PR_Q80T02
  D "A G-protein coupled bile acid receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGPBAR1
  A membrane-type receptor for bile acids (rat)
  A M-BAR (rat)
obo:PR_000041438
  D "A G-protein coupled bile acid receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q80SS6-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPBAR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q80T02-1
  D "A G-protein coupled bile acid receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rGPBAR1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q80SS6-1
  D "A G-protein coupled bile acid receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPBAR1/iso:1
obo:PR_000001111
  D "A G-protein coupled estrogen receptor that is a translation product of the human GPER1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The preferred ligand is estrogen."
  A GPER1
  A mER
  A GPCR-BR
  A chemoattractant receptor-like 2
  A membrane estrogen receptor
  A LYGPR
  A lymphocyte-derived G-protein coupled receptor
  A Flow-induced endothelial G-protein coupled receptor 1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 30
  A FEG-1
  A IL8-related receptor DRY12
obo:PR_B3G515
  D "A G-protein coupled estrogen receptor 1 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A G protein-coupled estrogen receptor 1 (zebrafish)
  A z-GPER1
  A G-protein coupled receptor 30 (zebrafish)
obo:PR_000042710
  D "A G-protein coupled estrogen receptor 1 that is a translation product of some mRNA giving rise to a protein with the amino acid sequence represented by UniProtKB:Q99527-1 or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPER1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q99527-1
  D "A G-protein coupled estrogen receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hGPER1/iso:1
obo:PR_Q8BMP4-1
  D "A G-protein coupled estrogen receptor 1 isoform 1 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A mGPER1/iso:1
obo:PR_000036845
  A fam:OR[I]
obo:PR_000036846
  A fam:OR[II]
obo:PR_000011857
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51A2
obo:PR_000011858
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51A4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51A4
obo:PR_000011859
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51A7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-27
  A OR51A7
obo:PR_000011860
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51B2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta3
  A OR51B2
  A olfactory receptor 51B1
obo:PR_000011861
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51B4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51B4
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta1
obo:PR_000011862
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51B5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta5
  A olfactory receptor OR11-37
  A OR51B5
obo:PR_000011863
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51B6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51B6
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta6
obo:PR_000011864
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51D1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51D1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-14
obo:PR_000011865
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51E1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51E1
  A prostate-overexpressed G-protein coupled receptor
  A prostate-specific G-protein coupled receptor 2
  A olfactory receptor 52A3
  A G-protein coupled receptor 164
  A D-GPCR
obo:PR_000011866
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51E2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-16
  A HPRAJ
  A OR51E2
  A prostate-specific G-protein coupled receptor
obo:PR_000011867
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51F1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51F1
obo:PR_000011868
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51F2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51F2
  A olfactory receptor OR11-23
obo:PR_000011869
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51G1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-29
  A olfactory receptor 51G3
  A OR51G1
obo:PR_000011870
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51G2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51G2
  A olfactory receptor OR11-28
obo:PR_Q8NH63
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the OR51H1 gene in human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-25 (human)
  A hOR51H1
obo:PR_000011871
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51I1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta11
  A olfactory receptor OR11-39
  A OR51I1
obo:PR_000011872
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51I2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-38
  A OR51I2
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta12
obo:PR_000011873
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51J1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51J1
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta8
  A olfactory receptor 51J2
obo:PR_000011874
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-31
  A OR51L1
obo:PR_000011875
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51M1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51M1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-40
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta7
obo:PR_000011876
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51Q1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51Q1
obo:PR_000011877
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR51S1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-24
obo:PR_000011878
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51T1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-26
  A OR51T1
obo:PR_000011879
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR51V1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A odorant receptor HOR3'beta1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-36
  A olfactory receptor 51A12
  A OR51V1
obo:PR_000011880
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52A1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-319
  A HPFH1OR
  A odorant receptor HOR3'beta4
obo:PR_000011881
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52A5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-33
  A odorant receptor HOR3'beta5
  A OR52A5
obo:PR_000011882
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52B2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-70
  A OR52B2
obo:PR_000011883
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52B4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52B4
  A olfactory receptor OR11-3
obo:PR_000011884
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52B6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-47
  A OR52B6
obo:PR_000011885
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52D1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-43
  A OR52D1
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta14
obo:PR_000032819
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52E1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52E1
obo:PR_000011886
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52E2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52E2
obo:PR_000011887
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52E4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-55
  A OR52E4
obo:PR_000032349
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52E5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52E5
obo:PR_000011888
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52E6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52E6
  A olfactory receptor OR11-58
obo:PR_000011889
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52E8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-54
  A OR52E8
obo:PR_000011890
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52H1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-45
  A OR52H1
obo:PR_000011891
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52I1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52I1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-13
obo:PR_000011892
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52I2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52I2
  A olfactory receptor OR11-12
obo:PR_000011893
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52J3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52J3
  A olfactory receptor OR11-32
obo:PR_000011894
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52K1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-8
  A OR52K1
obo:PR_000011895
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52K2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-7
  A OR52K2
obo:PR_000011896
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-50
  A OR52L1
obo:PR_000011897
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52M1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52M1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-11
obo:PR_000011898
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52N1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52N1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-61
obo:PR_000011899
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52N2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-57
  A OR52N2
obo:PR_000011900
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52N4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-64
  A OR52N4
obo:PR_000011901
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52N5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52N5
  A olfactory receptor OR11-62
obo:PR_000011902
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52R1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-22
  A OR52R1
obo:PR_000011903
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52W1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-71
  A OR52W1
obo:PR_000030619
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR52Z1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR52Z1
obo:PR_000011904
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR56A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-75
  A OR56A1
obo:PR_000011905
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR56A3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR56A3
  A olfactory receptor 56A6
obo:PR_000011906
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR56A4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-49
  A OR56A4
obo:PR_000030998
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR56A5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR56A5
obo:PR_000011907
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR56B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-65
  A OR56B1
obo:PR_000011908
  D "A class I olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR56B4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-67
  A OR56B4
obo:PR_Q9Y5P1
  D "An olfactory receptor 51B2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor 51B1 (human)
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta3 (human)
  A hOR51B2
obo:PR_Q9Y5P0
  D "An olfactory receptor 51B4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR51B4
  A odorant receptor HOR5'beta1 (human)
obo:PR_Q2PRK7
  D "An olfactory receptor 51B6 that is encoded in the genome of zebrafish."
  A z-OR51B6
obo:PR_Q8NGF3
  D "An olfactory receptor 51D1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-14 (human)
  A hOR51D1
obo:PR_Q8TCB6
  D "An olfactory receptor 51E1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR51E1
  A olfactory receptor 52A3 (human)
  A G-protein coupled receptor 164 (human)
  A D-GPCR (human)
  A prostate-overexpressed G protein-coupled receptor (human)
  A prostate-specific G protein-coupled receptor 2 (human)
obo:PR_Q8VBV9
  D "An olfactory receptor 51E2 that is encoded in the genome of mouse."
  A olfactory receptor 78 (mouse)
  A mOR51E2
obo:PR_O88628
  D "An olfactory receptor 51E2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A G-protein coupled receptor RA1c (rat)
  A olfactory receptor 59 (rat)
  A rOR51E2
obo:PR_Q8NH61
  D "An olfactory receptor 51F2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR51F2
  A olfactory receptor OR11-23 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NGK0
  D "An olfactory receptor 51G2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-28 (human)
  A hOR51G2
obo:PR_Q8NH59
  D "An olfactory receptor 51Q1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR51Q1
obo:PR_Q9UKL2
  D "An olfactory receptor 52A1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A HPFH1OR (human)
  A odorant receptor HOR3'beta4 (human)
  A olfactory receptor OR11-319 (human)
  A hOR52A1
obo:PR_D3ZEX5
  D "An olfactory receptor 52A5 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rOR52A5
obo:PR_Q8NGK2
  D "An olfactory receptor 52B4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52B4
  A olfactory receptor OR11-3 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NGF0
  D "An olfactory receptor 52B6 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-47 (human)
  A hOR52B6
obo:PR_Q8NGJ4
  D "An olfactory receptor 52E2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52E2
obo:PR_Q8NH55
  D "An olfactory receptor 52E5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52E5
obo:PR_Q6IFG1
  D "An olfactory receptor 52E8 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52E8
  A olfactory receptor OR11-54 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NGJ2
  D "An olfactory receptor 52H1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52H1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-45 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NGK6
  D "An olfactory receptor 52I1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52I1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-13 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NH67
  D "An olfactory receptor 52I2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52I2
  A olfactory receptor OR11-12 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NH60
  D "An olfactory receptor 52J3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-32 (human)
  A hOR52J3
obo:PR_Q8NGK4
  D "An olfactory receptor 52K1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-8 (human)
  A hOR52K1
obo:PR_Q8NGK3
  D "An olfactory receptor 52K2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52K2
  A olfactory receptor OR11-7 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NGH7
  D "An olfactory receptor 52L1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-50 (human)
  A hOR52L1
obo:PR_Q8NGK5
  D "An olfactory receptor 52M1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52M1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-11 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NH53
  D "An olfactory receptor 52N1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52N1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-61 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NGI0
  D "An olfactory receptor 52N2 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-57 (human)
  A hOR52N2
obo:PR_D4AE13
  D "An olfactory receptor 52N2 that is encoded in the genome of rat."
  A rOR52N2
obo:PR_Q8NGI2
  D "An olfactory receptor 52N4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-64 (human)
  A hOR52N4
obo:PR_Q8NH56
  D "An olfactory receptor 52N5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR52N5
  A olfactory receptor OR11-62 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NGF1
  D "An olfactory receptor 52R1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-22 (human)
  A hOR52R1
obo:PR_Q6IF63
  D "An olfactory receptor 52W1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-71 (human)
  A hOR52W1
obo:PR_Q8NGH5
  D "An olfactory receptor 56A1 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR56A1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-75 (human)
obo:PR_Q8NH54
  D "An olfactory receptor 56A3 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor 56A6 (human)
  A hOR56A3
obo:PR_Q8NGH8
  D "An olfactory receptor 56A4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-49 (human)
  A hOR56A4
obo:PR_P0C7T3
  D "An olfactory receptor 56A5 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR56A5
obo:PR_Q8NH76
  D "An olfactory receptor 56B4 that is encoded in the genome of human."
  A hOR56B4
  A olfactory receptor OR11-67 (human)
obo:PR_000011653
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10A2
  A olfactory receptor OR11-86
  A HP4
obo:PR_000011654
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10A3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HTPCRX12
  A olfactory receptor OR11-97
  A OR10A3
obo:PR_000011655
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10A4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10A4
  A olfactory receptor-like protein JCG5
  A HP2
obo:PR_000011656
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10A5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 10A1
  A olfactory receptor-like protein JCG6
  A OR10A5
  A olfactory receptor 11-403
  A OR11-403
obo:PR_000011657
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10A6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-96
  A OR10A6
obo:PR_000011658
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10A7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR12-6
  A OR10A7
obo:PR_000032488
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10AC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10AC1
  A olfactory receptor OR7-5
obo:PR_000030899
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10AD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10AD1
  A olfactory receptor OR12-1
obo:PR_000011659
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10AG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10AG1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-160
obo:PR_000011660
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10C1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6M1-17
  A olfactory receptor 10C2
  A OR10C1
obo:PR_000011661
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10G2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10G2
obo:PR_000011662
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10G3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR14-40
  A OR10G3
obo:PR_000011663
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10G4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10G4
  A olfactory receptor OR11-278
obo:PR_000011664
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10G6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-280
  A OR10G6
obo:PR_000011665
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10G7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10G7
  A olfactory receptor OR11-283
obo:PR_000011666
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10G8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-282
  A OR10G8
obo:PR_000011667
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10G9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 10G10
  A OR10G9
obo:PR_000011668
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10H1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10H1
  A olfactory receptor OR19-27
obo:PR_000011669
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10H2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10H2
  A olfactory receptor OR19-23
obo:PR_000011670
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10H3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10H3
  A olfactory receptor OR19-24
obo:PR_000011671
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10H4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR19-28
  A OR10H4
obo:PR_000011672
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10H5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10H5
  A olfactory receptor OR19-25
  A olfactory receptor OR19-26
obo:PR_000011673
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10J1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor-like protein HGMP07J
  A OR10J1
  A olfactory receptor OR1-26
obo:PR_000011674
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10J3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10J3
obo:PR_000030776
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10J4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10J4
obo:PR_000011675
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10J5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10J5
  A olfactory receptor OR1-28
obo:PR_000011676
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10K1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10K1
  A olfactory receptor OR1-6
obo:PR_000011677
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10K2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-4
  A OR10K2
obo:PR_000011678
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10P1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR12-7
  A olfactory receptor 10P3
  A OR10P1
  A olfactory receptor 10P2
obo:PR_000011679
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10Q1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10Q1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-233
obo:PR_000011680
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10R2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10R2
  A olfactory receptor OR1-8
obo:PR_000011681
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-279
  A OR10S1
obo:PR_000011682
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10T2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10T2
  A olfactory receptor OR1-3
obo:PR_000011683
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10V1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-256
  A OR10V1
obo:PR_000011684
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10W1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-236
  A OR10W1
obo:PR_000011685
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10X1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-14
  A OR10X1
obo:PR_000011686
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR10Z1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR10Z1
  A olfactory receptor OR1-15
obo:PR_000011687
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6M1-18
  A OR11A1
  A olfactory receptor 11A2
  A olfactory receptor OR6-30
obo:PR_000011688
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11G2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR11G2
  A olfactory receptor OR14-34
obo:PR_000011689
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11H1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR11H1
  A olfactory receptor OR22-1
obo:PR_000011690
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11H12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR11H12
obo:PR_000030985
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11H2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR11H2
  A olfactory receptor OR14-1
obo:PR_000011691
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11H4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR14-36
  A OR11H4
obo:PR_000011692
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11H6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR14-35
  A OR11H6
obo:PR_000011693
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11H7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR11H7
  A olfactory receptor OR14-32
obo:PR_000011694
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR11L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR11L1
obo:PR_000011695
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR12D2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR12D2
  A 6M1-20
  A olfactory receptor OR6-28
obo:PR_000011696
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR12D3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6M1-27
  A OR12D3
  A olfactory receptor OR6-27
obo:PR_000011697
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR13A1
  A olfactory receptor OR10-3
obo:PR_000011698
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13C2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-12
  A OR13C2
obo:PR_000011699
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13C3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-8
  A OR13C3
obo:PR_000011700
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13C4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR13C4
  A olfactory receptor OR9-7
obo:PR_000011701
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13C5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-11
  A OR13C5
obo:PR_000011702
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13C8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR13C8
obo:PR_000011703
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13C9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR13C9
  A olfactory receptor OR9-13
obo:PR_000011704
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13D1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-15
  A OR13D1
obo:PR_000011705
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13F1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-6
  A OR13F1
obo:PR_000011706
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13G1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-37
  A OR13G1
obo:PR_000011707
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13H1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor ORX-1
  A OR13H1
obo:PR_000011708
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR13J1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR13J1
  A olfactory receptor OR9-2
obo:PR_000011709
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR14A16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-45
  A OR14A16
  A olfactory receptor 5AT1
obo:PR_000011710
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR14A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 5AX1
  A OR14A2
  A olfactory receptor OR1-31
obo:PR_000011711
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR14C36 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR14C36
  A olfactory receptor 5BF1
  A olfactory receptor OR1-59
obo:PR_000011712
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR14I1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 5BU1
  A OR14I1
obo:PR_000011713
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR14J1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 5U1
  A OR14J1
  A 6M1-28
  A olfactory receptor OR6-25
obo:PR_000011714
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR14K1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR14K1
  A olfactory receptor 5AY1
  A olfactory receptor OR1-39
obo:PR_000011715
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR1A1
  A olfactory receptor 17-7
  A olfactory receptor OR17-11
  A OR17-7
obo:PR_000011716
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR17-10
  A OR17-6
  A OR1A2
  A olfactory receptor 17-6
obo:PR_000011717
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 9-B
  A OR9-B
  A olfactory receptor OR9-26
  A OR1B1
obo:PR_000011718
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1C1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor TPCR27
  A OR1C1
  A olfactory receptor OR1-42
obo:PR_000011719
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1D2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR17-6
  A olfactory receptor-like protein HGMP07E
  A OR17-4
  A olfactory receptor 17-4
  A OR1D2
obo:PR_000011720
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1D4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR17-30
  A OR1D4
  A olfactory receptor 17-30
obo:PR_000011721
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1D5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 17-31
  A OR1D5
  A OR17-31
obo:PR_000011722
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1E1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR13-66
  A OR1E1
  A olfactory receptor 1E5
  A olfactory receptor-like protein HGMP07I
  A olfactory receptor 1E6
  A olfactory receptor 13-66
  A OR17-2
  A OR17-32
  A olfactory receptor OR17-18
  A olfactory receptor 17-2/17-32
  A OR5-85
  A olfactory receptor 5-85
obo:PR_000011723
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1E2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR1E2
  A olfactory receptor 1E4
  A OR17-136
  A OR17-135
  A olfactory receptor 17-93/17-135/17-136
  A OR17-93
obo:PR_000030195
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1E3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 17-210
  A OR1E3
  A OR17-210
  A olfactory receptor OR17-7
obo:PR_000011724
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1F1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 1F9
  A olfactory receptor 1F4
  A olfactory receptor 1F5
  A olfactory receptor OR16-4
  A OR1F1
  A olfactory receptor 1F7
  A olfactory receptor 1F6
  A olfactory receptor 16-35
  A OR16-35
  A olfactory receptor 1F8
  A olfactory receptor 1F10
obo:PR_000032770
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1F12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6M1-35P
  A OR1F12
obo:PR_000011725
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1F2P gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR1F2P
  A OLFmf2
obo:PR_000011726
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1G1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR17-8
  A OR17-209
  A olfactory receptor 17-209
  A olfactory receptor 1G2
  A OR1G1
obo:PR_000011727
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1I1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR1I1
  A OR19-20
  A olfactory receptor 19-20
obo:PR_000011728
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1J1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR1J1
  A olfactory receptor OR9-18
obo:PR_000011729
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1J2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HSA5
  A HTPCRX15
  A OR1J2
  A olfactory receptor 1J3
  A olfactory receptor OR9-19
  A OST044
  A olfactory receptor 1J5
obo:PR_000011730
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1J4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR1J4
  A olfactory receptor OR9-21
  A HTPCRX01
obo:PR_000011731
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1K1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR1K1
obo:PR_000011732
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-27
  A OR1L1
  A OR9-C
  A olfactory receptor 9-C
  A olfactory receptor 1L2
obo:PR_000011733
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1L3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 9-D
  A olfactory receptor OR9-28
  A OR9-D
  A OR1L3
obo:PR_000011734
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1L4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 9-E
  A olfactory receptor 1L5
  A olfactory receptor OR9-29
  A OR1L4
  A OST046
  A OR9-E
obo:PR_000011735
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1L6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 1L7
  A olfactory receptor OR9-30
  A OR1L6
obo:PR_000011736
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1L8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-24
  A OR1L8
obo:PR_000011737
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1M1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 19-6
  A OR1M1
  A OR19-6
  A olfactory receptor OR19-5
obo:PR_000011738
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1N1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-22
  A olfactory receptor 1-26
  A olfactory receptor 1N3
  A OR1N1
  A OR1-26
obo:PR_000011739
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1N2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR1N2
  A olfactory receptor OR9-23
obo:PR_000011740
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1P1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR17-208
  A OR1P1
  A olfactory receptor OR17-9
  A olfactory receptor 17-208
obo:PR_000011741
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1Q1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 1Q3
  A olfactory receptor 1Q2
  A OST226
  A olfactory receptor OR9-25
  A olfactory receptor 9-A
  A olfactory receptor TPCR106
  A OR9-A
  A OR1Q1
obo:PR_000011742
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-232
  A OR1S1
obo:PR_000011743
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR1S2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-231
  A OR1S2
obo:PR_000011748
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2A1 or OR2A42 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR7-19
  A olfactory receptor OR7-16
  A OR2A1-OR2A42
obo:PR_000031460
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2A12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2A12
  A olfactory receptor OR7-10
obo:PR_000011744
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2A14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 2A6
  A olfactory receptor OR7-12
  A OST182
  A OR2A14
obo:PR_000011745
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2A2
  A olfactory receptor 2A17
  A olfactory receptor OR7-11
obo:PR_000011746
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2A25 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2A25
  A olfactory receptor 2A27
obo:PR_000011747
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2A4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR6-37
  A OR2A4
  A olfactory receptor 2A10
obo:PR_000011749
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2A5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 2A8
  A olfactory receptor 2A26
  A OR7-138
  A olfactory receptor 7-138/7-141
  A OR2A5
  A OR7-141
obo:PR_000011750
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2A7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR7-18
  A OR2A7
obo:PR_000011751
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2AE1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2AE1
  A olfactory receptor 2AE2
obo:PR_000011752
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2AG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HT3
  A OR2AG1
  A olfactory receptor OR11-79
  A olfactory receptor 2AG3
obo:PR_000011753
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2AG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2AG2
obo:PR_000030221
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2AJ1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2AJ1
obo:PR_000011754
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2AK2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2AK2
  A olfactory receptor 2AK1
  A olfactory receptor OR1-47
obo:PR_000011755
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2AP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR12-9
  A OR2AP1
obo:PR_000011756
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2AT4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2AT4
  A olfactory receptor OR11-265
obo:PR_000011757
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2B11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2B11
obo:PR_000011758
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2B2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6M1-10
  A olfactory receptor 6-1
  A OR6-1
  A olfactory receptor 2B9
  A OR2B2
obo:PR_000032490
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2B3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR6-4
  A olfactory receptor 6-4
  A olfactory receptor OR6-14
  A 6M1-1
  A OR2B3
obo:PR_000011759
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2B6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR6-31
  A olfactory receptor 2B5
  A olfactory receptor 5-40
  A olfactory receptor OR6-4
  A olfactory receptor 6-31
  A OR2B6
  A olfactory receptor 2B1
  A 6M1-32
  A OR5-40
obo:PR_000011760
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2C1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2C1
  A olfactory receptor 256-17
  A odorant receptor OR3
  A olfactory receptor 2C2
  A olfactory receptor OR16-1
  A olfactory receptor OR16-2
  A OLFmf3
obo:PR_000011761
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2C3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 2C5
  A olfactory receptor 2C4
  A olfactory receptor OR1-30
  A OR2C3
obo:PR_000011762
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2D2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-88
  A HB2
  A OR11-610
  A olfactory receptor 11-610
  A olfactory receptor 2D1
  A OR2D2
obo:PR_000011763
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2D3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-89
  A OR2D3
obo:PR_000011764
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2F1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 2F3
  A olfactory receptor 2F5
  A OR2F1
  A olfactory receptor 2F4
  A olfactory receptor-like protein OLF3
obo:PR_000011765
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2F2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2F2
  A olfactory receptor OR7-6
  A olfactory receptor 7-1
  A OR7-1
obo:PR_000011766
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2G2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-32
  A OR2G2
obo:PR_000011767
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2G3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-33
  A OR2G3
obo:PR_000011768
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2G6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2G6
obo:PR_000011769
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2H1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR6-32
  A OR2H1
  A olfactory receptor 2H6
  A 6M1-16
  A OR6-2
  A OLFR42A-9004.14/9026.2
  A olfactory receptor 6-2
  A olfactory receptor 2H8
obo:PR_000011770
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2H2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6M1-12
  A olfactory receptor 2H3
  A OR2H2
  A olfactory receptor-like protein FAT11
obo:PR_000032580
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2J1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 6-5
  A 6M1-4
  A OR2J1
  A OR6-5
obo:PR_000011771
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2J2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR6-8
  A olfactory receptor 6-8
  A 6M1-6
  A olfactory receptor OR6-19
  A OR2J2
obo:PR_000011772
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2J3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR6-6
  A 6M1-3
  A olfactory receptor 6-6
  A OR2J3
  A olfactory receptor OR6-16
obo:PR_000011773
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2K2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2K2
  A olfactory receptor OR9-17
  A HTPCRH06
obo:PR_000011774
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2L13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2L13
  A olfactory receptor 2L14
obo:PR_000011775
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2L2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2L2
  A olfactory receptor 2L4
  A olfactory receptor 2L12
  A HTPCRH07
obo:PR_000011776
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2L3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2L3
obo:PR_000032450
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2L5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-53
  A olfactory receptor 2L11
  A OR2L5
obo:PR_000011777
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2L8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-46
  A OR2L8
obo:PR_000011778
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2M2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2M2
  A OST423
obo:PR_000011779
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2M3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2M3
  A olfactory receptor 2M6
  A olfactory receptor OR1-54
obo:PR_000011780
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2M4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor TPCR100
  A HTPCRX18
  A OR2M4
  A OST710
  A olfactory receptor OR1-55
obo:PR_000011781
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2M5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2M5
obo:PR_000011782
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2M7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2M7
  A olfactory receptor OR1-58
obo:PR_000011783
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2S2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR9-3
  A OR2S2
obo:PR_000011784
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 1-25
  A OR2T1
  A olfactory receptor OR1-61
  A OR1-25
obo:PR_000011785
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-64
  A OR2T10
obo:PR_000011786
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T11
  A olfactory receptor OR1-65
obo:PR_000011787
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-57
  A OR2T12
obo:PR_000011788
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T2
  A olfactory receptor OR1-43
obo:PR_000011789
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T27 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-67
  A OR2T27
obo:PR_000011790
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T29 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T29
obo:PR_000011791
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T3
obo:PR_000011792
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T33 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T33
  A olfactory receptor OR1-56
obo:PR_000011793
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T34 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T34
  A olfactory receptor OR1-63
obo:PR_000011794
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T35 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T35
  A olfactory receptor OR1-66
obo:PR_000011795
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T4
  A olfactory receptor OR1-60
obo:PR_000011796
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR1-62
  A OR2T5
obo:PR_000011797
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T6
  A OST703
  A olfactory receptor 2T9
obo:PR_000032353
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T7
  A OST723
  A olfactory receptor OR1-44
obo:PR_000011798
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2T8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2T8
obo:PR_000031641
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2V1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2V1
obo:PR_000011799
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2V2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 2V3
  A olfactory receptor OR5-3
  A OR2V2
obo:PR_000011800
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2W1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6M1-15
  A olfactory receptor OR6-13
  A OR2W1
obo:PR_000011801
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2W3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR2W3
  A olfactory receptor OR1-49
  A olfactory receptor 2W8
obo:PR_000011802
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2Y1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR5-2
  A OR2Y1
obo:PR_000011803
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR2Z1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR19-4
  A OR2Z1
  A olfactory receptor 2Z2
obo:PR_000011804
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR3A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR17-40
  A OR3A1
  A olfactory receptor OR17-15
  A olfactory receptor 17-40
obo:PR_000011805
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR3A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR3A2
  A olfactory receptor 17-228
  A olfactory receptor OR17-14
  A OR17-228
obo:PR_000011806
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR3A3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR17-201
  A olfactory receptor 3A8
  A olfactory receptor 17-201
  A olfactory receptor 3A6
  A olfactory receptor OR17-22
  A olfactory receptor 3A7
  A OR3A3
obo:PR_000011807
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR3A4P gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 17-24
  A OR3A4P
  A olfactory receptor 3A5
  A OR17-24
obo:PR_000011808
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4A15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-118
  A OR4A15
obo:PR_000011809
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4A16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-117
  A OR4A16
obo:PR_000011810
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4A47 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4A47
  A olfactory receptor OR11-113
obo:PR_000011811
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4A5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-111
  A OR4A5
obo:PR_P0C604
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the OR4A8 gene in human."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-110 (human)
  A hOR4A8
obo:PR_000011812
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4B1
  A OST208
  A olfactory receptor OR11-106
obo:PR_000011813
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4C11
  A olfactory receptor OR11-136
obo:PR_000011814
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4C12
  A olfactory receptor OR11-259
obo:PR_000011815
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-260
  A OR4C13
obo:PR_000011816
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4C15
  A olfactory receptor OR11-134
  A olfactory receptor OR11-127
obo:PR_000011817
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4C16
  A olfactory receptor OR11-135
obo:PR_000011818
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4C3
  A olfactory receptor OR11-98
obo:PR_000011819
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C45 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4C45
obo:PR_000011820
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C46 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4C46
obo:PR_000011821
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-99
  A OR4C5
obo:PR_000011822
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4C6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-138
  A OR4C6
obo:PR_000011823
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4D1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor 4D3
  A olfactory receptor TPCR16
  A OR4D1
obo:PR_000011824
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4D10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4D10
  A olfactory receptor OR11-251
obo:PR_000011825
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4D11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4D11
obo:PR_000011826
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4D2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR17-24
  A OR4D2
  A B-lymphocyte membrane protein BC2009
obo:PR_000011827
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4D5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4D5
  A olfactory receptor OR11-276
obo:PR_000011828
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4D6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4D6
  A olfactory receptor OR11-250
obo:PR_000011829
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4D9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR11-253
  A OR4D9
obo:PR_000031928
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4E1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4E1
  A olfactory receptor OR14-43
obo:PR_000011830
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4E2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4E2
  A olfactory receptor OR14-42
obo:PR_000011831
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4F15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4F15
  A olfactory receptor OR15-14
obo:PR_000011832
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4F17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4F17
  A olfactory receptor 4F19
  A olfactory receptor 4F11
  A olfactory receptor 4F18
obo:PR_000011833
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4F21 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4F21
obo:PR_000011834
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4F3, OR4F16, or OR4F29 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A OR4F3-OR4F16-OR4F29
  A olfactory receptor OR1-1
obo:PR_000011835
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4F4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR19-3
  A OR4F4
  A HS14a-1-A
obo:PR_000011836
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4F5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4F5
obo:PR_000011837
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4F6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR15-15
  A olfactory receptor 4F12
  A OR4F6
obo:PR_000011838
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4K1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR14-19
  A OR4K1
obo:PR_000011839
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4K13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4K13
  A olfactory receptor OR14-27
obo:PR_000011840
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4K14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4K14
  A olfactory receptor OR14-22
obo:PR_000011841
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4K15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4K15
  A olfactory receptor OR14-20
obo:PR_000011842
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4K17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A olfactory receptor OR14-29
  A OR4K17
obo:PR_000011843
  D "A class II olfactory receptor that is a translation product of the human OR4K2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OR4K2
  A olfactory receptor OR14-15
